Bad Return Options. Be really careful that this is exactly what you need. IF you want to return it there is only three choices and it will cost you more than you paid for the item!!!!! There is no option to simply send it by US Mail and pay the postage required by the Postal Service
Poor quality. These are the warmest and most comfortable slippers I have ever had. With that being said, I have had them 1 week and they are already falling apart
One Star. solar light never charged after 3 weeks in the sun
do not get this app. This app only has 7 wallpapers. And this app is'nt even HD. If I coud I woud gove this a zero. So dom't waste your time and do not download this app.😀😀😀
Overheating and screen goes black but can still hear voice. After using this product for a year it is now overheating and makes the screen go black. After I unplug the firestick and let it cool down it will work again. Upsetting!!! I would buy another but afraid it will happen again
Not great. It is pretty big, so not very good for travel and it loses charge pretty quickly
Cystic Acnes in less than 24HRS. I wanted to like this product as most of the reviews were positive. However, in my experience, this product gave me cystic acnes in just 2 applications. I used it overnight and again during the day. I followed the instructions to only apply 1-2 pumps. At the end of the day of using it, I started feeling the pain on my facial skin which signals the start of cystic acnes. I was hoping this product will help my skin gets moisture and my old acne scars faded. But instead, it gave me not one, not two, not three, but 5 cystic acnes in less than 24 hours of application. This product is obviously not for everyone
Wig is not the one in the picture. If I could rate lower I would this was not what was in the picture
Not worth the money!. I am very dissappointed in the cotton candy I just received!!! It is very very small and not worth the money!!!! The image was deceiving for what size it really was and I never found the ounces when ordering!!! It was for a baby shower and now I will not have enough!!!
One Star. NOT TAPE, be careful!
Inaccurate information. It said it came with 2 controllers and that wasn't the case
Would not buy again. This only got one stars because the purple was purple. You apply it to your hair, we used blonde hair, and it comes off your hands easily. However, the next day, it's still coming off on your hands every time you touch your hair. It leaves your hair feeling greasy and stiff, could barely even get a brush through it
How do I return this item and get my money back. It was broken when I got it!!
poor mfr of the handle retainer!!!!!. Handle broke from the steamer. looking at the reviews this seems to be a problem with the steamer
Be Very Careful. These tires cannot hold any weight. Use caution when filling with air
OEM seal was broken. OEM seal was completely removed. It could have been used and refilled
No no no no. Have orders thus twice and sent it back twice. The package arrives looking like it was delivered by monkeys playing tennis on a elephants back and then trunk slapped and stepped on by the elephant Breaking it to pieces
What's with the reviews?. This pedestal product for the Google Home Mini is useless. The pedestal has no support for the Mini to sit on. The Google Home Mini slides right off. Had there been a way to click the two together or have the pedestal have a better lip/cupping, I would be happy with the pedestal
water vapor rusted the electronics. I had this for about a week and was super excited. Then, 5 days into it, I filled it and set it on the table and when I went to plug it in noticed RUST in the port. I plugged it in anyway and the unit would not work. The water vapor that it produces had destroyed the mechanics of the product
Burns skin. This product caused severe burning of my skin. I have used other brands with no problems
Poor customer service. Trying to get ahold of company for a week no response poor customer service and they charge you to return despite prime shipping
Not what is pictured. This item is not what was pictured!!!!! I received black earphones with a cord!!! You picture here white earphones with no cord and a charge ox, now of course I have to go through the tedious process of returning these that I never asked for to receive a refund!
Poor product! The bluetooth mode doesn't work perfectly. Very low quality. Poor product! The bluetooth mode doesn't work perfectly. It always disconnected. It runs for a short period of time then it will disconnected again. So disappointing product! Never buy this one!
Stainless does not keep ice where as my red one does. I have purchased 3 of these. I bought a red one for myself & loved it so much that I ordered a stainless one for my Father my husband asked where his was so I ordered him a stainless one. My red one keeps things very cold & holds ice nicely all day! My Dad lives in another city so I don’t have 1st hand knowledge of his. My husband really didn’t use his so recently I have started using it some while mine is being washed. His stainless does not hold ice & the outside has condensation. It’s too late to return thru Amazon so I’m hoping that the manufacturer of COLD 1 will reach out to me so that I can exchange this
Do not buy!! Amazon, you should be ashamed to have this piece of junk on your website!!. Pour the cat food in and get disappointed immediately. The food pours into the bowl rapidly and does not stop. My cat will eat everything immediately and then puke. I can only use this to feed one normal portion. So...what’s the point? I will just trash it. Not worth my time and effort to return it!!
Stopped working after 1 month. Worked well for 1 month and then just stopped working
Not as described. Wireless Headphones are not as described. Both do not play music at the same time when both are paired and connected to an iPhone 8 Plus. No instructions were provided and item arrived in a brown box and no box for the actual product itself. Hmm, FYI my first review was not allowed to be posted by amazon
Will Not come on!. This heating pad only worked for a little over a month. Won't turn on. It was good until then! Only gave it 1 star because it stopped working!
Cord doesn't fit. I gave the serial number and product number for my nextbook and the cord was too large
where;s my tape?. Tape never received. long overdue. please advise when it will get here
Horrible Zipper Quality!. The side zipper broke the first time I set it up. It's incredibly disappointing that I can't even zip up the side completely, before my dog has even given it a true test. Not sure if it's bad material for the zippers, or this company just sends out defective items without inspecting. I'd recommend that you spend the money to get a product that has quality zippers
Fake item!. Don't buy this, it was a fake knockoff from china
Uggg. Story building doesn't happen. MC powers is too overpowered. MC is lvl 5 and can make slave collars and put them on anyone? Also the MC can make and enchant his own gear, seriously. Very short book author spends enormous amount of pages on skill sheets and weapon descriptions. This book seems like it would be an authors draft of an idea he wants to create as a story instead of one. Save your money
Poor finish. Arrived with finish defects
this is a joke and a junk!. Don't buy ! system sound was corrupted on the 2nd day. I can't explain my worst new laptop experience with this junk ! It's going back on the next possible business day ! Goodluck to those who are still deciding to even look at this
Smells Terrible. I have a little white dog that has seasonal allergies. I ran across this shampoo, hoping it would help. I couldn't get past the absolutely horrible smell. I can't tell you if it actually works as advertised, I can only tell you the smell is horrendous
Day of the week is wrong!!!. Ok. Does anyone else have an issue with the day of the week? It’s two days ahead. I don’t understand what i’m doing wrong
Product. The product was broken
Wrong screws. Totally wrong screws! Not even close to what is pictured. I was looking for window hinge bolts for my CJ7 like what is pictured in the description. The ones I received are button head fine thread. I have attached a picture below. I would have just returned them but it’s a pain and I’m not sure if This was the wrong screws by mistake or what they think is the correct part. Order with caution
The illustrations are horrible. I bought this book for my granddaughter. I have not read it with her. The story is the basic story which is fine, but the illustrations are horrible. It does an injustice to African Americans
Not Compatible with PS4. Was a cool router but is incompatible with PS4 and will not grant a NAT type
I wear size 12 . The jacket was too large though it was 12-14. The size is not correct
Tear in bottom of both boots 4 months after buying. I bought these boots in November 2018 and they worked fine for 4 months (though their sizes run very large - I ordered a size 8 and it feels like a 10) until today. I put them on this morning and by the time I got to work (20 mins later) I noticed that both of my feet felt wet. I checked to see, thinking that maybe some extra rain got inside the shoes because they are big and a bit wide on my feet but I realized that both boots have a tear on the heel side (see picture). I have no idea how this happened because I don't wear them often. This is very disappointing as I only bought these shoes 4 months ago! My last rain boots lasted me almost 10 years without ever getting my feet wet like these. I would not recommend these shoes and I will not buy this brand again
Durability and longevity sucks!!!!!. This product was a replacement for my original dodge Durango key. I purchased this in 2017 but never used it until 2019. I had both keys programmed and the key cut. They both worked great. After a month of use, the first one cracked and fell apart. So, I got the other one from my husband and used it. Now that one has a crack and came apart. I put it back together and now I can't lock nor unlock my doors with the key. I am so disappointed in this product. Did I wait to long to use it or what? If I have to purchase another, it will be through the dealership so I can get a warranty on the key
Thinner than a pillow case, poor saggy fit on '16 Hyundai Tucson. Thin, saggy fitting, will not offer any protection so why buy?
Doesn’t work!! Don’t buy. This phone is garbage I received it today and it is rubbish it won’t come on
One Star. Missing from shipment
can't see it well from the picture. some paint on the light kind of chipped off, can see through white light, and the color is very greenish, not yellowish as pictured. didn't expect such a poor quality. thought can make a simple return, but I have to pay the return postage which I have never had... Not recommended. fast shipping though
Does not come in the box with the ribbon like the pictures shown. This is not a Noble Collection wand, it is a complete knock off. Does not come in the box with the ribbon like the pictures shown, it does not come with the Noble Collection proof of authenticity. Make sure the seller is noble collection. Not the other guy who is selling it for $3 less
Missing parts. What a scammer. All of the small parts, such as handle, bolts, and screws are missing. Just don't ever buy it and don't trust them. What a disappointment
Love the logo. This product does not hold up under everyday use
Defective wall plug in. It doesn’t fit tight into the outlet and will come unplug very easily, most of the time without me knowing right away
Rusts very quickly. Rusted after 2 uses. Hard to turn and use. Garbage can opener. Returning for refund
BEWARE - Counterfeit Wubbanub Product and Seller. This seller is selling counterfeit wubbanub products. The dead give away is the packaging, but when you inspect further you notice the pacifier itself is nothing like the authentic ones in stores. BEWARE - This probably may be defective, poisonous, or god knows what
Very bad Picture Quality. Not able to read the license plate number even on the highest setting (full 1080p extreme). I tried to upgrade the firmware to the latest version with no luck. the enhancements of the latest firmware based on their website is (improve image quality) but this is incorrect. I tried to change the Camera position, again no luck
Disappointed. Not happy with quality
Did not work. Would not play in my Wii
Not durable. Product lasted less than one hour before the fan that keeps the ball elevated shattered. Save your money. This product is not durable even for a four yr old
How happy would you be, to see that something you bought yesterday saw an almost 33% price drop IMMEDIATELY AFTER you bought it?. I bought this 16 hours ago, for $16, after having it in my cart for over a month. I wake up and today I see the price has dropped 5 dollars. I hate price fluctuations like that, and I feel every such price change, done with no warning, no ability to predict or prepare for it, and which, in a situation like this, grossly takes advantage of people who made a purchase RIGHT BEFORE such a change, are impetus enough to never purchase a product from a particular company again. I live on a budget. $5 changes in prices in what I buy add up, and quickly. I am absolutely disgusted. If I felt I could do so without the appearance of abusing Amazon return policy, I would demand a full refund and return the product, when it arrives next Friday. This is infuriating. As is, I will use it when it arrives, but no matter how well it works, I will not adjust my ratings. I will only ever purchase, in the future, from a company that I do not feel is taking advantage of it's customers
Until it broke, these where my favorite lights. I purchased 7 of these lights and had them installed on our home and could not be happier until I examined them recently and found that the socket attachment to the light itself had broken and the light was hanging from the gooseneck by the wires alone! The other 5 seem to be okay, but upon looking at it more closely, there was three screws that held it on, and each only had 1/8 in grab and it’s a wonder they held on as long as they did. I couldn’t figure out how to take the bulbs out and try and re fasten the screws. But maybe the other five where threaded correctly? It’s just frustrating to know what to do.. I feel like I have to buy two more lights of unknown quality so they match the existing 5, or bite the bullet and buy other higher quality ones. These are incredibly bright lights that functioned well with the daylight sensors
Didn’t receive it- was damaged. Didn’t receive it - was damaged
I'm really disappointed because the high reviews made me hopeful it would. I`ve used this religiously for 3+ months and the fungus isn`t gone. I'm really disappointed because the high reviews made me hopeful it would work. They say there is a money back guarantee. I haven`t requested that yet but I wonder if it will be for the last order or all my orders
Color rubs off of band and the clasp pops out. It’s pretty but it’s cheap. The color rubs off and it’s white underneath, may as well have been spray painted. I’ve had it less than a week
Crappy packaging on Amazon’s part. This came folded in half inside the envelope. Only half of it sticks to the fridge
no instructions in japanese. no instructions or package...its a cross stitching kit with supposedly everything in it but the surface is slighty sticky im assuming i just place them on their with no added glue just disappointed it came without a package or instructions and it seems like they will fall off easily
Double Billing. This seller has double billed me for this order. The order was never delivered and they sent a replacement order. They are now charging me for this first order I never received. If you don't correct this I am going to the bank to stop payment on this new charge you are not authorized to make!!!
Kitty. I got this item damaged came wet and the dye came threw to all the pices unhappy
What a waste!. Worked for about a week with my daughter 6S and doesn't charge her phone anymore. What a waste!
Cute but fragile. It’s cute and dainty but it already broke. :(
Dead on arrival. Dead on arrival. Plugged into charger and lights show solid green 2/4 dots even after 12 hours
Doesn’t Fit. This does not fit on my 2014 Jeep Compass
Black ink cartridge didn't fit correctly (loose), another one did. So disappointing, and I had high hopes from reading other reviews. I purchased 2 of the double packs with tri color and black ink cartridges. It was time to replace my HP original black cartridge, and the greenbox cartridge didnt fit properly. I am 100% sure i did everything correctly. It was not the electronic contacts, definitley the actual fit. It snapped in place like it should, but was still not as tight as the original ones are. Printer wouldn't recognize a cartridge was there. I tried another Greenbox cartridge and it worked fine. So I am going to use that one for now. So I am out a black greenbox xl cartridge and money, but the other one worked fine. Definitely not a good first experience. I tried calling their customer support to just a busy signal always
This product should shame it's vendor!. This product arrived stale-tasting and nasty looking. Powder and crumbs from enclosed items "decorated" each other. It was intended as a gift which I presented to my trash bin!
Don't waste your time on this book. The Last Hostage is a boring read which goes in repeated circles. It took the author forever to reach the conclusion
Can’t rate if I do not receive the item. Never received the item
nothing special. My husband liked them and the safety they would provide since he works on machinery and always had to remove his ring. Unfortunately the first time he wore it the center black part came off somewhere without his knowledge and he was left with just the red band with no center black piece. They are 2 separate pieces so im guessing the center broke because I don't see how the center could separate and just slide off his finger without him knowing. As far as im concerned I just threw away this money because he went back to his platinum ring. What a waste of money
Never received it. Never received it, even though it shows as delivered
Thought it was a good tough case but the gray part is jelly and. Thought it was a good tough case but the gray part is jelly and the blue is hard but i dropped my phone and it didnt protect it where the gray is around the edges
Fell apart!!. Fell apart!! Stitching is bad! Save your money!
Good thing it was free. Poorly written, poorly narrated
Different shipping. I asked for a blue pen with a lid and they sent me a red one without a lid ... and very ugly
It was lost in mail and I got no money for it. I never received it , the tracking said it was lost and I reported it and was never reimbursed. Help please
Poorly packaged. The box arrived crushed and the bag was open, crumbs of crackers all through the other items. Very disappointing
Don’t order!. None of these stay in my iPhone. I connect them and they fall out. Super disappointed
Wonky sizing. So I went to put this on today and just no. I ordered a size large and it was like a crop top on me! There was zero hope of getting the crotch snaps fastened. I don’t have a long torso by any means of the word so I’m not sure what shaped humans these are even made for
No room for diaper. Warning: do not buy this onesie! Whoever designed the pattern for this did not account for the extra fabric a baby onesie needs, to go over the diaper. It was designed for infants that don’t wear diapers!! The outfit was too large on top/neck but we couldn’t snap the snaps in the crotch due to the diaper. Terribly disappointing and a waste of money
This seemed like a great solution. Z-wave plugins are all too big. They block at least one more outlet in addition to the one they're plugged into. You can't plug two into a standard, 2 outlet box. This seemed like a great solution. Unfortunately, the unit didn't work properly. It shut off one of the outlets at arbitrary times (leaving me with cold coffee). Also, the user-interface is very poor. Having to hit the tiny little button multiple times to turn one outlet on vs. the other is hard to do correctly (4 times to turn one one). And, no one in the house could remember all the variations for turning each outlet on/off. They really need to add another button so there is one for each outlet. It is beyond 30 days since I ordered it, otherwise, I would return it
Very poor quality. The product came warped. It doesn’t sit properly on my iPhone X and it’s missing the two large clear gems on top of the camera
Trash. Never buy this for a kid, it will disappoint them. What a total waste
We Returned it!. I hesitated buying this initially because of some customers who described how time consuming it was to put these 40+ pieces together. I also thought it couldn't be much of a desk (even for a low end one) at that price but several people reported how pleased they were once they got it together. Should have followed my initial reservations. Determined husband put the thing together (took twice as long as he longest time reported) and it was just awful. Unsteady, cheap looking, particle board, small desk. After all, we sent it back. A lesson in the limitations of cheap DIY furniture. Fortunately, AMZ worked with us on the return, otherwise, we would have just taken the loss
Don’t waste your money. Bad cradle design. Updating the review... after putting up with this for a couple of months I finally tossed it. The cradle comes off going over a speed bump, falls if someone bumps it, and almost every time you remove the phone. Yet another lousy piece of Chinese manufacturing. The cradle does not stay in place. It would help if it actually snapped onto the arm somehow but it just loosely fits. Most every time you remove your phone the cradle will drop off. Otherwise, it fits into the cup holder ok
False advertisement. Not the same as the picture advertised
Doesn't Work. This product does not stay on for longer than 30 minutes. I thought it was just the one I had opened, but I tried a second one and experienced the same issues. I even attempted all of the troubleshooting tips in the instructions and nothing helped. Although it's pretty....it's a product that doesn't do its job
Worthless Does Not Work. This is supposed to clean drains but only goes into drain about two thirds of the length of the item. As it does not go far down the drain it is of absolutely no value and is not eligible for return. Avoid this item and especially this seller as you can't even send back the useless product
Small, cheap, possibly knock offs. Either these are knock offs or Gold Toe quality has really declined since I last bought them. They're small and have to be stretched to fit. I can't even tell if the gold area is actually reinforced and if it is it's so small it doesn't even cover my toes
Green I tell you!. This bracelet appears very nice at first but tarnished quickly turning my wife's wrist green!
Did not work at all. Did not work out of the box
Didn't work for me. Did it stay on? Yeah. Did it smudge? No. It just went on horribly. I've never had this hard a time putting on makeup. It went on clumps and choppy is the only way I can explain it. It dried so quick I couldn' try to work with it. I didn't want to give up on it since it had such great reviews. But I could only get it to look good one time with makeup remover as my aid. That took me like a half hour. I don't want to take a half hour each time to just make my eyeliner look "Ok"
The pumps don't work they are defective. Please let. The pumps don't work they are defective. Please let me return them. I am totally disapointed... I have never had the pumps not work
1 earring BENT. Why is this order bit eligible for return?
Find another seller if you want any assistance at all. Sizing is way off, its a guessing game to find shoes that fit. There is no help with sizing, no contact info for the seller and it doesn't seem like they can be reached. Terrible buying experience, would give 0 stars if I could
WON'T WORK. THIS CAN OPENER WILL NOT WORK AND WAS DIFFICULT TO SET UP
This lighter is a wonderful concept but the execution is flawed. This lighter is a wonderful concept but the execution is flawed. The lighter does not keep a charge. Do not recommend
Mic didn't work. Santa Claus brought these for my sons and they never did work. I read and read and after trying everything to get these to work we went to Walmart and bought new ones 😕
Don’t recommend. Color is not vibrant in person. Looks cheap
You can still see these. They are clearly seen under a bra. Did not work for me
REALLY wanted this to work.... 1. REALLY wanted this to work.... 1 out of 3 worked. sent back.... got 3 more.... 1 out of 3 worked...... frustrating. Of to try something else
JUNK!. This relay worked twice. First time perfect, second it welded closed and burned up my starter. In addition, did not fit in the wave runner. DO NOT BUY!
The bottle arrived empty!!!. The bottle arrived empty!!!
It was super clumpy and thick. I always wear this mascara but there was something up with this tube. It was super clumpy and thick. Had to buy a new one to replace it
Not sticky at all. I am mot sure if the other reviewers were paid, but this item sticks to nothing in my car, with or without the additional adhesive disk (which is not very adhesive). Design idea is cool, but skip it if you actually want it to work
Break Quickly. I bought these and my kids loved them. After 2 days of squishing them the plug in 2 of them burst oozing out a white sticky substance. The sad part was that the kids really loved squishing them. (These where high school kids not little ones so they were handled appropriately)
Defective materials. Manufacturing defective material. Cover rips near handles after only a few months of light use. Will need to replace. Very disappointed
One Star. The packing was very poor. The box was open when delivered
Surprised!. First I must say, I have never received anything I ever ordered from Amazon arrive in this condition. The pictures are worth a million words. I’m disappointed
I didn't order. I did not order this app. I would like it taken off my bill
Leaves hair feeling dirty. With a new product I always go light until I know how it's going to work. Just a light misting left my hair flat and feeling dirty after a few hours. I will go back to my usual brand
Didn't receive my order yet. What happened to my order that supposed to be here today
The sizing is all wrong. I had to cut the inside of the sleeves because they were cutting off the circulation to my daughter's arms. The crown could be made better. Overall a cute costume they should try fixing the issues then it would be awesome!
Worst ever. Absolute junk. Must find narrow 'sweet spot' for them to cut anything
Returned. Couldn’t pull the drawers out far enough to grab anything without them falling out of place. Returned
Didn't get most of my movies I entered codes for. Went through and put in a bunch of codes from movies purchased over the last year, said movies should be available in 24 hours and only 2 have shown up this was months ago
Doesn't work. Doesn't work at all!!! Waste of your money
One Star. The strips did not stick at all
Sent me a broken phone. Speaker didn’t work. I don’t know how that could be over looked if it was refurbished
Still not arrived returning as soon as It arrives. I plan to return this item as soon as It arrives. What is the point of offering prime shipping and giving customers false hope of getting an item by the expected date. I needed these pads for my daughters skating birthday party and still has not arrived. I will return and buy from a different place. I would not recommend this seller at all
Blows in - Low Quality. Flimsy and low quality. Keeps blowing onto me when I take a shower 👎🏻
Big disappointment. Thin. Print only on one side, other side was white. Big disappointment
NOT WORTH THE MONEY. I can't give a very good review for this pro plugger. It may be because I haven't figured it out yet. The dirt is hard to get out and it is too small for anything I have wanted to plant
Don't transfer easily at all. Awful product. They don't transfer easily AT ALL
One Star. Cannot find a software product to provide a template
Agree with the review by Mike S. below. I didn't feel anything for any of these characters. This kid does all these things that a reasonable person wouldn't do (as mentioned in the review below me). There's always some slutty girl in these types of movies trying to seduce someone, except this one is not a looker and sounds like a ditz. No one would have stayed in this house for another minute unless you have a mental disorder. I was finally waiting for a twist, too, since I knew this couldn't just be it. Then the twist comes, and you're like wtf? That's it? I feel like this movie could have been done better if it was done by the creators of Black Mirror. I was on a streak of good films on Amazon until I just watched this one. Don't waste your time
What a shoddy product. Not what I expected. The openings are to small for flies. It only traps tiny bugs. I ordered two in July, and the light in one already burned out. The flimsy plastic covers are extremely difficult to put together, after cleaning. Unfortunately, I just discovered there was a 30 day return policy. So I guess I’m stuck with both
Didn't work. We tried to fix a pinhole in our inflatable hot tub with this, but it didn't work
One Star. Seller sent wrong package and has been unhelpful in resolving the situation
Piece of garbage. This is a piece of garbage. It's so cheap and flimsy. It wouldn't unfold without the arm popping out either. Not worth $5 let alone $10
Poorly Constructed - Holes after one wear. After one wash and a wear today, the shirt has holes at the neckline. The material is very thin, especially compared to what I thought was the exact same shirt I purchased in another color a few weeks ago. This is unfortunate and I will not be purchasing from this seller again
I cannot get it to run the hose that goes. I cannot get it to run the hose that goes into dryer vent it's not getting enough pressure to turn on switch I will have to wire it to a light switch somehow
Delivered to the wrong house!. Whoever delivered this package sent it to the wrong house. It took a while before my next door neighbor opened their door. But finally they opened and gave it to me. I would have never gotten my package if i didnt see this picture taken to where it was delivered.(Delivered today Dec 1, 2017)
Not good for aggressive chewers. Terrible toy for an aggressive chewer. My girl had the little fingers chewed in half in less than a day
Way to small. It was way to small for my 3 year old granddaughter you can't even get the over her head
Worst ever!. This was impossible to connect to a phone and then it died and wouldn't restart! Pathetic!
You will lose lashes!. Tried to use this twice and every time I did I would loses lashes
Not worth your money. It is terrible worst thing I’ve ever bought off amazon . It doesn’t work it leaks consistently and I’m super mad that I just now opened it up and it’s such a huge disappointment the pink one I purchased from another merchant is waaaay better ! Very disappointing
Things happen, I suppose I just got a bad one. It simply did not work. I turned on the water. By the time I went back into the motorhome the floor was flooded and the carpet was soaked because the valve does not shut off. Amazon took care of the cost of the valve but I have the cost of the clean up
Runs huge. I felt like it was a sheet with a hole in it for my head to go through. Way way too big. No where near like the pictures. I usually wear a small and ordered a small
After one day using it, the hoop will not. After one day using it, the hoop will not stay up, keeps falling down..had to use duct tape...Too much money for this to happen
Dangerous for babies. Choking hazard. Gave 5 month old the bottle shape and she put it in her mouth and the small nipple park got jammed in back of her throat and she gagged and threw up. A dangerous toy. THe shape of the teether is wrong for babies as they put in mouth and it is so narrow it goes to back of throat and makes them choke. Should be taken off market- dangerous and obviously not tested on babies who are teething! DO NOT BUY UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES UNTIL THEY CHANGE THE SHAPE. HOw they could sell this shaped teether that has narrow parts that goes into mouth and into back of throat and gags babies is beyond me...they are totally clueless and irresponsible to put this on the market
MAJOR FLAW resulting in BENT iPad. Disappointed to have to write this, but I have to warn people as potentially hundreds of dollars in damage is at risk when using this case. I can confirm on two separate occasions this specific case being the root cause of my 2015 and 2017 iPads from bending. It doesn’t happen immediately, but in both my devices it was after a month or so with the case on. On the 2015 it was slight, but I knew it damaged my 2017 as it was actually a brand new refurbish I had recently acquired. It went out of the packaging straight into the case. Kept solely in the house away from any other products, so there was no reason for it to get bent. The case is a super tight fit around the iPad. And while I once thought that was a positive, it obviously is a huge design flaw which will damage your very expensive tablet. Thank goodness I opted for AppleCare on mine, so it was a relatively painless device swap. BUYER BEWARE; you will risk bending using this case for prolonged amount of time. I’m not even sure other buyers have noticed, because it was very slight on one of my tablets. It wasn’t until I removed the case that it was obvious some bending had occurred
Dissapointed. Was not a Mr Coffee but a universal replacement
Stay away, you have been warned!. Umbrella is cheaply made and too flimsy. 2 out of 4 umbrellas I purchased doesn't hold the lock, it would close by itself. Edit: Reached out to the seller, no reply. Garbage product and shady seller
Does not look anything like on model. Very basic construction. Does not look anything like on model. Material is unrefined polyester feel
Easily breaks. Bought one for my daughter's birthday. It came and the body separated. Replacement was sent, I went to wash it and dropped it on my kitchen counter accidentally and the body seperated and it broke. Super sad
Broken Bag. Took the bag out of the box only to discover it was open and guinea pig was all over the place. I had to clean the hallway, living room and kitchen I called Amazon, they asked for pictures, I didn't know I was supposed to stop and take pictures of spilled guinea pig all over my house. My concern was to clean it up. I had just drove 620 miles and walked in my house and opened the box. Last thing I needed to deal with. Well Amazon did nothing for me !! So I had to go and spend more money on a new Unopened Bag at the store. Thanks for wasting my money Amazon, really appreciated that gesture of kindness on your part !!!
Slightly DISAPPOINTED. Was disappointed only 2 colors (pens) had good pigment and worked. The rest where not very visible, I'm not sure if set was dried out
Broke within a couple of weeks!. I brought this specifically because of the "bling." The ball detached from the rest of the chain within a few weeks. Unfortunate because I loved it and got so many compliments
Not great. Does not smell like Patchouli, smells like backyard dirt
Did not work for our dog. We have fed for-bid per instructions for 12 days so far, I'm fairly certain it's not going to work at all. I will call our vet back for advice on what to do next
Perfect size for our family of 6 but it quit. Perfect size for our family of 6 but it quit working after using it 5 times. It would sometimes quit working before finished cooking but would start again once it had cooled down. Now it wont turn on at all
Ordered book and it has not been delivered!. Received a message saying that it would be delivered by Dec 18 it is now Dec. 21. So disappointing. I want my money back!
A dollar item at an inflated price. Not worth the inflated value. Dollar stores have better quality
Not great. If you have any kind of wrinkle of imperfection on your face this is not the powder for you, it is VERY good at highlighting imperfection, if that's what your going for
Dead 80 days after receiving it. No power. Nada. This refurbished imac was great until it died. It died thankfully a week before the 90 day warranty ran out. I'll buy another imac, but not without Applecare
This Vendor is Suspicious!. I asked to please cancel this order. After sending that message the WaterPic was shipped. I asked for & received a RMA. Upon receipt I returned the item. To date I have not received a refund. In as much as the item was shipped after I attempted to cancel the order I believe the 20% restocking charge is totally inappropriate. Then this morning I received a satisfaction survey from the vendor; what's wrong with that picture? PS: A single star ratting is too high!
Not accurate. Did not fit in my pickup !!
Spilled in shipping. The seeds were received quickly but were spilled out into shipping envelope
One Star. It came with a defect! How can I return it?
Junk. Thin glass, enough said
One Star. Product was never received
Cookbook not included. The order should have come with a cookbook. The book was not included and the picture of the item showing the book has been deleted
It's a glove. I know these are cheap gloves, but extremely poor quality, even at this price. Odd fit with thumb too long, fingers tight (sized according to chart) Stitching looks like it won't last and seams are all over the place. Would have returned them but needed to use them for a ride as soon as they arrived. On a brighter note the touchscreen feature works well
Blood pressure monitor received does not function. Monitor kept reading low battery even after I changed the batteries 3 times. Monitor obviously is inoperative
One Star. Doesn't work with the Google Pixel 2 XL
this product would’ve been better if it was. I thought it was a reusable sticker it was not... this product would’ve been better if it was. Don’t buy waste of money
Not effective. Can't tell different after use. Product is not that expensive compared with other brands, however I think you get what you paid for. this product is not that effective like other brands
Smells gross. This stuff smells horrible. I had to throw it away
Great for potato peeling and industrial manufacturing jobs!. I received my gloves quickly. That was great. If you want to know what cancer smells like, order a pair of these. If you want to work in an oil refinery and need to protect your hands, order these. If you want to try and peel a potato but do not want to actually remove the skin, this is a great choice! If you want your potatoes to smell like the oil refinery you work in, rub them with these gloves! They will do the job!
This was a good idea that didn't work. This was a good idea that didn't work. I gave this to my husband as a gift since he loves astronomy and is fascinated with revolving light and stars and planets. It broke as I tried to show him how it worked. The globe fell apart so he never saw the effect. I had seen it before I wrapped it, but had to order an adapter to plug it into the wall, since it had only a USB connector. Who wants to use it next to your computer??
Does not protect your phone. Does not protect your phone. I dropped my iPhone X in this case and the whole back glass shattered
Major disappointment. These taste absolutely nothing like pumpkin, they smell and taste 100% like gingerbread weather you heat them or eat cold
Bummer. When wearing nylons, these def do not work
Poor customer service. The mirror was missing, I called the company, they said go to Amazon. They should have taken care of the problem and just sent a mirror. I spoke to Amazon and they resolved the issue. The product is fine, their customer service is nonexistent
Would Not Buy Again. These do not work well for me. It charges my Fitbit Flex 2, but takes much longer than the original one my Fitbit came with. I plugged it into different places, but they all are much slower than the original. I gave them 1 star because it does work, but just not fast enough to my liking. Too lazy and not worth the hassle of sending them back
I would look elsewhere. They sent me 8 black chairs instead of the 6 white ones I ordered. They then didn’t arrange a plan for picking up the black ones and delivering the white ones. They were very slow with email responses. It was a great deal but not worth it. The black chairs that I kept since the white ones never came are okay but two have a weird ring in the seat-like the plastic wasn’t printed correctly. The texture of the plastic is also not as smooth as the picture and style of chair suggests
Adhesive isn’t strong. The concept is nice but they don’t stick and the seller sent white instead of soft white lights
Disappointed. Strap broke first wear. Too small, got a medium I'm a 34B. Disappointed
Caution: Offers no shock protection. I bought this to replace my old case, which had just gotten dirty and worn looking after a couple years. Very disappointed! This case WILL NOT protect from shock/drops. It is essentially a hard shell case, with some small thin rubber-like triangles inside it. If you drop your phone, it will get broken for sure. I looked at this case upon arrival, and did not trust it enough to even use it. I ordered another INCIPIO DUAL PRO case for my phone, which is what I had before. I would highly recommend them: thick rubber case with a hard second shell. I have dropped my phone many times, even IN WATER, and it did not get damaged
This privacy screen SUCKS!. This is not a privacy screen unless you dim the light. You have to press down hard on the screen in order for it to work. It popped right off when I put my phone case on it. This privacy screen SUCKS and is a waste of money. Please advise
Missing parts. The score sheets are missing and the box was completely wrecked
Won't buy again. Arrived split in half
the worst purchase I have ever made on Amazon. Tried it several times after using acrylic paint. It left a film and white streaks on the painted item. I've never had that happen with other brands. Unfortunately I didn't use it right away and the return window is closed...the worst purchase I have ever made on Amazon. I am more than disappointed
Good when they worked. Used in my classroom for about 2 weeks and they died. Hoping I can return them
Nice leads, very flexible. Nice leads, very flexible! However they only shipped one pair. The description says two pair. I would like what I paid for please
Defective?. The flashlight was great for a week... that was all it worked, and it was not the batteries. Amazon gave me a credit and I have since order another brand so I will try it again
Not worth the money. Not worth the money very weak scent
Stopped working in less than a year. I have had it for less than a year and it doesn't work already
No support!. The girls were falling out all over the place! Terrible bra, with no support--I would not recommend purchasing!
Not worth the money. It would not grip the filter at all. It was useless to me
Battery doesn’t charge well. Only had a month and battery is only charging earbud for an hour or so. Very disappointed
Never received item. I never received the item. Contacted seller requesting shipping information to track item; however it was never provided. The seller stated they would look into it but a week later, no response
makes me break out really bad!!. Weird sticky consistency...makes me break out really bad!!! How do I contact the seller? I would like to return the item for a refund but I do not have the box
No Silencer included. easy to clip. not sure how well it will stay. didn’t come with silencer that it said it would
Great design, very poor quality, not made in USA, runs very small. I really wanted to like this shirt, and support small business...However, the shirt is of poor quality, I can see right through it from the back! It is also very small. I will need to return it
Disappointed in this watch’s performance. I purchased this watch for the HR monitor and GPS specifically. Well, I got the GPS to work twice before a run outside. After that it does not connect and all I get is “wait ‘. I went on Garmin website which is not helpful at all. The Garmin connect app is not that user friendly for a non- techy. So frustrating. I really was excited for this watch. Major let down
Two Stars. This is not as easy to maneuver as it appears
very disappointed, as I wore it in past and loved. The foundation was too dark for my skin and I could not get a comparison of colors to choose from..very disappointed,as I wore it in past and loved merle norman
Bluetooth unreliable. Looks and feels well made. Fits comfortably and has a strong but controllable vibration. Problem is, the big feature for me was the wireless control and unfortunately the Bluetooth connection (as some others have reported) is not reliable. Seemed very promising when I tested it, but in actual use it repeatedly disengaged, which really ruined everything. Unless you do not intend to use the remote features, not recommended
Wouldn't recommend unless you use it for just a watch. Didn't do what I expected it to. Facebook or text did not work. Didn't stay synced very well. Not recommended unless you use it for a watch or buy a phone plan for it. Honestly you get what you pay for which isn't much
Limited benefits. I have gastrointestinal disorders that are improved with use of daily probiotics. I have tried over a dozen different brands in a process of evaluating which improve symptoms more than others. My experience with this probiotic was among the worst in the recent batch, taking the capsules on an empty stomach produced discomfort, and no improvement of symptoms was noted with use of this probiotic. I would recommend using an alternative brand for those looking to trial probiotics
Two Stars. I would not recommend buying if you have narrow feet
Disappointing. Well. These slippers were comfortable while they lasted! And they lasted about 4-5 months
the quality of this product is not all that great. I would not buy it again. We bought it for our 6-yr old grand daughter and she loves it but the quality of this product is not all that great. I would not buy it again
I liked the idea of having protection around my apple watch. I liked the idea of having protection around my apple watch 3 series, but after only a couple hours of wearing it, it came off somewhere and I never seen it again. it comes off too easy
Cheap is not always better. The item had awful wood work where the pieces come together. I’ve never seen anything like it. Cheap is not always better
They don't fit right. These packs did not fit in properly into my controllers. I have two regular Xbox one s controllers and one elite controller. They did not make contact without having to wiggle them to work and on one other controller, when I put the cover on, the batteries would shift and lose contact. I think they were poorly designed. I wouldn't waste money on them as they were more trouble trying to get them to make contact than actually using them
Not Soft. This is NOT a brush for a sensative scalp. The bristles are not soft
Not for me. I was dissatisfied with this mirror. It did not magnify enough and I didn’t like using the little round mirrors. It might be ok for some but I gave mine away
for about a week and then did not work- waste of money. worked for about a week and then did not work- waste of money!
Doesn't fit phone. Works fine, but doesn't really fit the phone screen
Thanks for 2 of the same switch. Supposed to be 1 normally open and 1 normally closed. Instead I got 2 normally closed switches. WTF
See through because of how things they are. You can see through them they are so thin
Not effective, not harmful. See no effect, did not create any issues with sensitive skin, feels nice going on, but no effect seen used twice a day for 2 weeks
Scratched edges of new iphone. Owned case for over 2 months. Noticed after first month when I removed for cleaning that I had hairline scratches all along my brand new iPhone X. I got the case 2 days after purchasing the phone. There is no reason why my phone should have scratches along edge of phone. Fitment is good. The blue chrome paint is chipping in corners. It is not scratch resistant on the back as advertised. Would have never got the case had I known the plastic would scratch edge of my chrome edge. Love the thin design but that's about it
Color wrong. Beware: I ordered a black hoodie and when I received it the inside of the hood was yellow. The pic clearly shows it being completely black, but it’s not
Disappointing. They don’t work well, mice still arounf
Returning this. Returning- not a children’s book at all!
NOT DISHWASHER SAFE!. So...bought this water bottle a few weeks ago and have been rinsing it with with water and soap. Last night I decided to put it in the dishwasher and...RIP to my new water bottle. Totally not dishwasher safe. A side was melted and the cap could no longer screw on. It was actually pretty good while it lasted, however. Just don’t make the same mistake
Makes a weird beeping sound. The battery life is incredible, but the device make a weird beeping sound when playing audio. The mic has no noise cancellation. Fits like normal earbuds
Not for any king of detailing. They are plush and soft but to detail a car with this is imposible leave lint all over
Poor design. This sink looks great and was a good price, but it is not constructed or engineered properly - the water barely runs towards the drain. I would like to replace it, but I had it attached to my granite and paid a plumber to hook it up. I have to clean it daily to get the food out of it. Very disappointed
Doesn’t stick. I’ve been very disappointed with this plate. I’ve been using this plate with my 1 year old for about 5 months and I’ve finally given up. He rips the plate off his high chair very easily and I spend my entire meal babysitting the plate. It’s unfortunate that this plate hasn’t worked like I had hoped, but if your baby is determined to pull it off he/she will figure it out. He has washed well in the dishwasher
Likely unusable. Shipped in a box 5 times to big and despite packaging not being damaged the roll was creased in multiple locations. At least I got the toolkit that many others didn't
Good feel, poor wireless (and uses a stupid adapter). The keyboard itself feels good and has a nice shape. However, one major fault. The wireless connectivity. Problem one, it uses a USB dongle. This 2019, we have a little protocol called Bluetooth, pretty much every device made in the last 5 years supports it. Stop with the stupid proprietary dongles (that are unreliable and can be lost rendering the whole keyboard useless) and non-standard connectivity. Problem two, the wireless can also be very spotty -- just random periods of several minutes when some key presses just don't get processed. Incredibly annoying and causes unexpected errors. --- Update: Downgrading to two stars. Continued frustration with poor wireless connectivity and now sticking function keys
Giant yellow spot appeared after only a few months. I have only had this for under a year, with usage limited to evening/night due to it only being just over 3000 Lumen and my place is has considerable light ambience. I installed blackout shades and was enjoying everything about this projector until I turned it on and has a huge yellow blob in the upper right screen area. After researching these blobs, I have learned it is the Blue LCD polarizer has probably overheated and burned the spot in place. I reached out to the Elephas team in November and they requested proof pictures. I sent the images (see my image uploads, the last two) and that was it. No more dialogue or conversation from these folks. I am going to have to go out and get another projector now, since this is just getting worse and more obtrusive when watching. Buyer beware
Wrap. Item is too confusing to put on. So I don't wear it much
Half the string doesn't work after 1 day. I am a teacher and I used these to decorate a bulletin board at my school. They were exactly what I was looking for. The string wire is thin and flexible. The different color options are nice. However, after the first day, half of the string won't light up. After 3 days (18 hours) the batteries needed to be replaced
Inner seams split easy!. Liner material could be way better!
Desk chair mat. Mat is pretty thin and worse slides everywhere
Fun For a Few Minutes. I was enjoying the game for the first 10 questions or so, but then it started showing vague pictures and wanted 15 coins for a clue. When I accepted, it gave me an A in the middle of a long word. Totally useless. When it wanted me to spend real money for more bogus clues, I deleted it. If you have cash to waste on a trivia game, go for it
Cheap quality. The bottom and back are made of very thin cardboard and broke off right away
Cylinder is hot garbage. You never know what height this chair will settle at. Easy to put together, but the cylinder is trash. Chair randomly sinks down after sitting on it for a while. I'd return it, but it's already put together, and it's cheaper and easier to just order a new cylinder. And I'm not over the published weight limit. The chair is comfortable though, when it behaves more like a chair and less like a pogo stick
Looks great. Mine broke. I loved it, wore it every day. Until it fell off my wrist yesterday. A pin broke on one of the end pieces. So, $10 for 4 months. I would have given it 4 stars if it had been at least one dollar a month. Still, it looks quite good
Delivery. Paid for extra shipping just to know it’s gonna be a day extra late
Smaller than expected. I have big thighs and they barley fit normally a size 10 got large
bracelet. cheap, not as appear in display picture
Product not delivered complete. So disappointed that seller sent without any screws included!! Everything is unpacked and he asks me to rewrap and send back instead of just sending me the screws! Busy moms don’t have time for this. Look for another seller
Missing parts and shoddy delivery. Not sure if this is your problem but the box that this shelving came in was badly damaged, luckily the shelving is durable enough to withstand this damage. The ends of the box were completely open, looked like the delivery driver just kicked it off the back of the truck and left it in my driveway, not happy with this. When I went to put this shelving together it was missing two out of the four couplings required to connect the poles together, now I have to search the hardware stores for the correct size couplings, if they even carry them, before I can complete this process
If it tears, you can't fix it!. I loved this shirt...hid the belly and accentuated the breasts. But was only able to wear one time. Guess I didnt notice when I received it, it was torn all down the side. Can't tell because it's black. I noticed when I went to wear it a 2nd time
Need to be more powerful. It isnt the worst....however mine does not have much power at all. I also wish the brush head was bigger
Two Stars. Did not fit properly
Not sure impressed. I don’t really like them. The removable gasket is a pain. Ugh
2nd line is way too short. The tank fits great, there is nothing wrong with the tank. WHAT IS WRONG IS THAT ONE LINE IS TOO LONG AND THE OTHER LINE IS 1 INCH OUT OF THE TANK. I got crafty with zip ties and replacement hoses and fixed it up good. Feel free to copy my design, it works very very well
Dont like. Not what I expected, it has a small stick on it that looks like it will fall off fast
They’re okay. I got these mats because my work boots track a ton of a dirt, looking at the photo on amazon they looked really nice and when I recieved them they kind of let me down. Didn’t take as much space as I would’ve liked and the back seat mats don’t really fit that well either. However as a temporary mat and for keepin dirt off your floor it gets the that done to say the least
Lights stopped working after a few months, and unable to contact seller. The lights worked great for a couple of months, but then quickly started dying out one after another. The product supposedly has an 18-month warranty, but I was unable to contact the seller: the email and phone number on file with Amazon belongs to another business of the same name! Eventually, Amazon kindly provided a refund, but I would not recommend buying this product in the first place
Two Stars. The glass cracked while burning and i wish you could know at least the varities of rings
Two Stars. Nothing special that I could see. OK crayons, but that's it
Not a Fan!. Was not impressed with this cleaner, just doesn't seem to clean as well as the brand name products
Makes me sleepy in about 30 minutes for maybe 30. Makes me sleepy in about 30 minutes for maybe 30 minutes. If I miss that window it seems to keep me awake! It helps me to fall asleep (in that window) but does nothing to help me stay asleep
Won't work on pavement. I tried to use these on my paved driveway and the camper tires just push them down the driveway. They need the non slip coating on the bottom more than the top. Hopefully they work better in dirt or grass which I shall find out this weekend. If not they are useless
This would be perfect for dogs that truly don't chew stuff. Cute idea, for a dog that doesn't chew up stuff. My lab had this torn apart in less than 2 hours. I bought it because it had the KONG label, and I made the assumption that it would be less destructible than it was because it was a KONG product. This would be perfect for dogs that truly don't chew stuff, I've just never owned one that didn't at least thrash toys around
Great, except the water pump started going out after only 2 weeks. My husband and I were really enjoying this fan, but suddenly, it started beeping as if low on water. It only took a couple of weeks. I contacted support, and they said it was the water pump needing replaced. It's a shame, cause it's a very nice design
Duh!. Really stupid. I mean it is kind numbingly dumb!
Tame with little in the way of thrills. It plays like a made-for-network-TV movie. Tame, with an obvious plot twist and the identity of the killer will not surprise anyone. It isn't horrible, but there are better films to be found on Prime
Wouldn’t buy again. This broke after one use. I had one of these before and the part that held the battery could unscrew from the top. That was much better to use and clean. Once water gets near the battery component it stopped working
Two Stars. Very cute in the picture but meant for people with short torsos. It was definitely not cute on lol
I used the bit for the first time and after. I used the bit for the first time and after a few cuts the bit is now bent and the edge is chipped. I find it hard to believe that simple popular wood would cause a problem
Cheap. Flimsy and ripped while putting it on my window. Had to throw it away
Poor brush quality. My wife and I both enjoy the toothbrush handle very much and found it to provide a really good cleaning. However, we both have found the brushes themselves disintegrate within a few weeks. Each time it has, I find it easy to gag or accidentally swallow one of the individual brushes. This is not an isolated incident and has happened with every single brush head that came with our purchase. Due to its extremely expensive cost for a replacement head, I would expect it to last much longer than 2-3 weeks before falling apart in my mouth. I will no longer purchase Sonicare brush heads and hope to have better luck with off brand brushes
Two Stars. I like the idea, however the ice cubes do not pop out very easily
Didn't have wheels and was hard to move on the. Didn't have wheels and was hard to move on the floor. Didn't seem to heat as well as others I have. Returned it
Too large. The size is large. The material is nice
and I do really like that. They feel a bit loose in the. They are very cushiony, and I do really like that. They feel a bit loose in the heel, and I don’t like that
great for a day or 2. worked great for a couple days had it installed by a local shop then it died so i returned it
LED light worked great until ran out of battery. The led light worked great to clean my sons ear until it stopped working. I charges it for 3 hours, 6 hours, 10 hours and NOTHING light barley works. It does light up is it is plugged in (so not very useful). Picked this product over other because it looked better quality. Guess I was wrong I am returning this product
Just tabasco. Wanted to give this a chance, especially since I live in Hawaii. It's just basically the same flavor as Tabasco. Heavy vinegar, spicy, and not much else
Air in back. So this case looks great from the front, and my phone feels safe and secure in it, but it gets like little air pockets in the back. I removed the case and cleaned the phone and case many times and couldn't get them out (I'd also put it on a brand new phone). I ordered one of these cases for my dad too and the same thing happened. We returned his but I decided to keep mine for a bit since it wasn't expensive and I didn't want to drop my phone while waiting for a new case. The Spigen brand case is very similar and I will do that next time
Break easy. Sent them back... too fragile....they were broken in shipping...I have an older set, different brand much heavier construction... I thought these would be the same, guess not, so not something I would buy
Two Stars. My puppy did not play with it
Mediocre at best. Did not have 4 front speakers as advertised. Would not buy again, very disappointed
Not my bag. Love Lipton herbal tea bags but the turmeric tea just tastes like dirt. No taste from the accompaniments. Bought this tea to help with my auto immune disease but can’t bring myself to keep drinking because of the flavor
Save your money. This eyeliner is smudge city and wears off fast. If you want to look like a raccoon, go for it
my son was super disappointed because he had saved his money to purchase. it was so much smaller and flimsier than I expected. my son was super disappointed because he had saved his money to purchase this set and it wasn't very durable. blades, rippers and cords all worn out after 1st week of regular boy playtime
Ehhhhh. Kept falling off. Expecting better magnesium
Two Stars. one shoe was a size 7 and the other shoe a size 10 one shoe was Damaged
Not recommended:Poorly made. Two of the four have broken through the first wall. Not recommended. Other brand has a lifetime warranty. I wish I’d spent the money
Horrible bright white light. Agree with the others that the Bright white LED light is a huge disappointment and changes the look of the whole village. I will try one of the mods listed here (love the idea of the amber prescription bottle plastic to soften the light). I’m nervous about adding any more houses to the collection after this last one as it feels like the company dropped its standards significantly
Big smelly pants. When the reviews said "order a size smaller for tighter fit" I ignored it because I figured "loose" meant how the pants looked on the model in the picture, which is what I wanted. As it is, I will have to wear these with a belt way up in the mom jean zone for an acceptable fit. Also, they do have the chemical smell mentioned in another review. Don't usually leave reviews, but as they were so all over the board for this product, I feel it needed further information
Not near mint!. Not anywhere near mint. Most are discolored or have some sort of marks on them
Bad Zippers. Zippers are no good. Blew out the first time we used it. Other than that it's okay, but being able to keep your sleeping bag zipped shut is pretty important
The color is very pretty however, if you are average height or shorter. The color is very pretty however, if you are average height or shorter it will not fit you at all. The crotch was halfway my thighs and I'm 5'5 at than most
Bad design. Can be modified to work. Caught the squirrel first day.....BUT....the bar that holds the backdoor in place is way too loose. When I picked up the trap, the squirrel was moving around and the trap swung sideways and that long bar just fell out - the backdoor popped open and the squirrel laughed and laughed as he ran away. Design flaw. Using a binder clip to keep that long bar in place. Update: Have caught 9 so far, but trigger needs modified or this is just a squirrel feeder. Bend it straighter, file round edge flat, make it more hair trigger. As delivered, squirrel can stand on trigger pad and eat the bait. Or steal the bait container. I wound up wiring a bottle cap to the cage, just below the trigger pad, so they can't steal the whole container of bait. Peanut butter and sunflower seeds seem to be good bait.Lay a brick on top of trap, so squirrels can't roll it around. If they flip it on its side, the trap won't spring
Good soap. Not so good smell. It works well enough as a soap. Consistency is good. I would probably give full stars except that I smell like I just washed my face with a can of Pledge furniture cleaner. It's a very strong, pungent scent and I'm really, really not a fan. I'll probably try a different scented one down the road but this one is a no go for me
Okay but wouldn't buy again. There are a lot of flavors, but none of them are very distinct, plus it takes a lot of salt to actually flavor the popcorn at all
Not very fashionable. The shoe fit very well but didnt like it much when I saw it in person. Not very fashionable
No pockets. Open fly. Don't buy. No pockets. Open fly (no button). Don't buy. This information is not available upfront, so please read the reviews. In detail
Leaks at valve. Looks nice, but began to leak at the on/off valve after 1.5 years. I do not recommend this product
Irritating. There may be good ideas in here, but I found the informal style irritating. I tried to get past it, but couldn't. I can't think of the upside to using that style in a science book. You risk getting in the way of the content for no gain
Plastic USB PORT breaks. The Plastic USB port broke. Not very happy with durability. When it worked, it charged great, now... cant use it. Used it maybe 20 times
Two Stars. Bought an extra-large and they were still too small
Two Stars. A lot smaller than I thought
Could of been larger. Powerful but very small and light weight
Dont put blue adhesives on your product. The items inside seem to be intact and in good shape...the box however was in horrible condition....the box was taped together with blue tape which in turn stained the box and made it sticky...the label was put across the insignia and it has been difficult to get off as well. I appreciate the quick shipping however, the full product was not in great condition
Thank you. Tape did not hold up , screen is to heavy for 3/4" tape with 1/2" velcro needed to tack up
Cute but flimsy. It is cute, but the quality is pretty flimsy. The 80 on top is a little heavy for the letters below. Looms like there were some tears between some of the letters that made it less sturdy. Didn't realize it was made In China so i guess that explains it!?!
No happy. Really do not feel the increase in size or strength. Granted I’m not experiencing negative side effects far as gains wise this product is not aiding that. I feel like the other supplements I’m stacking help more so
Large number of the batteries were defective. I would not buy these in bulk again because too many of the batteries are defective
Rear camera doesn't work. Rear view camera doesn't work
Not worth it. Worked ok for a few weeks then started picking up noise and turning off Bluetooth source. Amazon took back with no problem
Great product, but they bug the hell out of you for feedback- 100% annoying. So, the two stars is not for the actual case. I've had a few of these cases and they are my favorite case overall for phone and radiation protection. Great, right? Wrong. These guys bug the shit out of you day after day after day with emails, all saying the same thing in a different way: leave us feedback, we're a small business, please please please and on and on and on.. Well, news flash guys: your product is good enough to not freak out about feedback. And another thing: most people who buy online leave feedback on eBay, not Amazon- SORRY! If you have a problem with this, then I would suggest that you talk with Amazon about converting their feedback system to a shared feedback process like eBay does. Otherwise, mother fuck- KNOCK IT OFF for christ's sake. Have some fucking confidence in your product- ask the buyer ONCE to leave feedback and be done. MOVE ON. Whomever ge's up in the morning with their coffee and fires away emails to customers who haven't left feedback, well in case you haven't noticed the unemployment rate is really low right now, I'm sure you can find another job that would actually be fulfilling, rather than worrying, becuase that's essentially what you're doing- worrying about feedback. Well now you fucking got my feedback are you happy now?!
One piece not two. This is only one piece. Returned. I needed a back and a seat cover
Not what it said it was. I have a 02 Subaru Impreza wrx and I had to make some changes for make it fit
Broken. This product cane broke. All the glass was broke
Two Stars. These fall apart way too easily for my 3rd graders to use. Would not recommend!
Nice phone. I have the ZenFone 3 and very. Nice phone. I have the ZenFone 3 and very satisfied with. This phone would no longer connect to any data. Reads sims cards but doesn't connect to network.. Asus customer service told me to restart and factory restart then said it may be broken. Never been dropped it exposed to high moisture
Two Stars. Does not work at all
Uncomfortable. Use them for computer gaming and watching videos on laptop. Sound quality is decent. They hold up to drops and child use very well. Unfortunately, these are the most uncomfortable headphones. My hat size is medium, but these headphones on the maximum size setting squeeze my ears in a weird way and they hurt after 15min of use. I regret buying these
Its a no for me. I had a Blu some years back and it was a great phone. This one was right for the price but came with some bugs. First phone worked but wouldn't completely charge. Second phone wouldn't allow for calls over VOLTE which with the processor its using should support the feature
Only lasted a month. Worked great for a month. Stopped taking charge and is pretty much useless now
“Good” quality but. Both my husband and I rent books through Amazon for our classes and have never had a problem..... until now. This book is labeled as being in “good” condition. If this is truly “good” I don’t want to see anything less than this quality. Now I want to make sure Amazon sees it was received in this condition and not from being in my possession when this is sent back. Will probably continue to rent through Amazon just sad about this one
They don’t last very long. UPDATE: I’ve used these for about a month, and all of them are already not working. :( These were a very good deal. But I’ve only had them for a couple weeks and they’re starting to get touchy and will stop charging if in a certain position. I’ll have to replace them here soon
Faulty components but it’s what you paid for. Bought two of these guys. All in all not bad, but the components are very cheap and you will most likely run into at least one part that’s faulty. For me it was a faulty display. Sadly the product wasn’t usable due to this fault
Couldnt get it to work. I couldn't get it to work
Pricey. Not worth the outrageous price! Kid liked it of course
Doesn't fit some door levers shafts. Check the diameter and shape of the shaft of your door levers. If they are cylindrical it may work and is simple and non marring. Our new Schlage Door lever shafts are oval or lobed and too large in diameter for this item to work. Darn. Since this is a simple plastic part that likely works well when it fits, I wish the maker would have some designed for alternative shaft shapes and sizes
Good moisturizer, does not help with under eye bags or wrinkles. While this is a great addition to your skincare routine for moisture, it does not help with the appearance of bags or fine lines at all. Have been using for four months with no great results at all
Strap Broke. Nice looking backpack and perfect for smaller items. However, the shoulder strap broke after a few uses. Pretty disappointing because I was using it for work
Don't believe everything you read in the description. when I got the chainsaw it started right up but after only about 10 minutes of use I shut it off and could not restart it. This happened again on the very next day and the day after that. It will not restart hot. No support no returns! The other problem I have is I don't like being lied to. The description clearly states that it comes with oil to mix fuel. The day I knew it was going to be delivered I bought a gallon of gas. It did not come with mix so I had to run back into town to buy two cycle oil. Such a stupid little thing but it leaves a very bad taste in your mouth
Just ok. Faded drastically after the 1st wash. The shirt is comfortable. The shorts faded so much after only one wash. The shorts material feels a bit cheap, too
Not great. Almost too small (I ordered a medium and I’m 5”2 & 118 pounds) and the white lining on the inside shows through easily. Pretty cheaply made, not really worth the money
Not loving it. I waited a week before writing this review to be fair. First off I find the smell off putting but maybe it’s just me. The foot baggies are awkward and shallow with red tape to help affix but two couldn’t even peel off. Following the treatment I soaked my feet nightly as instructed and there was no sign of peeling until day 3-4 but that was to be expected based on the other reviews and instructions. At first I was excited to see the peeling and then it wouldn’t stop. The peels are comping off in small pieces that are getting everywhere! It’s disgusting! On my sheets, in my shoes and socks, on the rug, truly everywhere. It’s so gross. Not to mention my feet look awful. They are all half peeled off with strand of dead skin hanging off that won’t stop even a week later. On a side note, I’m not sure if it’s related or not, but I recently just got the biggest most painful blister on my heel. I think it’s related to the peel mask because maybe it made the skin too thin on the heel and it rubbed it raw. I always wear sneakers without socks and I never got a blister like this until I tried this mask. I think the mask is a great idea and I’m sure if this peeling ever stops that my feet will be the softest they’ve been in years. But right now they are messy and the heel is painful. If I try this mask again I think I’ll try another brand
Product is obviously not good enough to make the TV work and continue working. The product initially works but then it gives the error that the lamp is not working. Product is obviously not good enough to make the TV work and continue working
Disappointed. Good size but very hard pillow! No softness at all
Pressing keys is a pain. Lacks sensitivity. That's very important to me when typing
Acting is OK, tennis is completely terrible. The plot is great. The acting is OK. I can overlook the acting and lack of lighting any scene, but the tennis action is terrible. I really wanted to like it, but I just can't
Do not recommend. PROS It looks nice and is relatively easy to setup. CONS - Brightness level resets to the brightest level after waking up from voice-activation mode (must be manually set back to dimmest whenever it is waken up), - Waking up the voice-activated mode requires either a very loud noise (clap hands as loud as you can) or a forceful impact (slap hard enough to make my hand hurt), - No weekday/weekend mode like the pictures say, - No display setting that keeps the time constantly visible, swaps back and forth every 10 seconds with either the year (2018 in my case) or the temperature. I wish the time would always be visible and the date would appear in little writing below it
To quiet. For my 11month old granddaughter. The music is so low you cant hear it. The colors and softness was good. Would not recommend it
Wont buy again unless I lose that plastic frame. Can't give these things about a 2 rating...the only reason they get a 2 and not a 1 is that max boost includes this plastic frame to help guide the screen protector on the phone and it works very well. Problem is all 4 corners of the protector will not stay sealed to the phone screen so you get that look where it appears as though the protector is gonna fall off. and it just looks bad....then fog hair gets under it, lint, fuzz, etc and it somewhat ruins the concept
I bought 2 and 1 doesn't work. I am very dissapointed that Amazon does not give warranty for this product. When I contact them to tell them that 1 of the Pest Repeller doesn't work, they told me to contact the company. I can't reach Bell+Howell. Very disappointing situation
PANCAKES DON'T RISE; FLAT PANCAKES WHOLE CAN. ITS OK IF YOU WANT CREPES. GREAT CAN THOUGH. BUY KODIAK for American style pancakes
I ordered large size an royal blue color And I. I ordered large size an royal blue color And I got small size and some green color That is definitely not what I ordered!!!!!!
Unsure of the benefit. Honestly, I don't fell any different. I have no idea if there is any benefit to taking the product after 30 days
Hats are a no go on this machine, at least for me. Shirts were decent to make on this machine, I have 3 years of previous experience with heat press machines and making t shirts so I was able to get the items going pretty quickly. As for assemble my guys put the machine together they said it was a little tricky and everything is wobbly, I get that it could be because you are moving different parts of equipment around on the machine. My business pet peeve and point of purchase for this machine was the fact that we could do hats which is what I was interested in but the hats do not line up with the machine, I would need to purchase and professional hat heat press to get what I would desire. Tried it out and it didn’t work. Had it worked I probably wouldn’t have left a review but at this point I don’t want someone to purchase and they might have an order that they would need to fulfill on hats because they would be in a world of stress
Would have probably bought it somewhere with a more reasonable shipping fee. Product was fine. Delivery fee was way to high
I was sent the wrong product. I have tried. I was sent the wrong product. I have tried numerous time to process a return but the website continues to tell me I can’t return dog food. Please contact me for a refund
Night vision horrible. I bought the cameras because my car was vandalized, went to the shop for 35 days (yeah the vandal did major damage) the day I got the car home, it was vandalized again prompting me to buy quality cameras. From start to finish, set up is self-explanatory. It is very easy to set up and angle prior to mounting to the wall. I completed install by myself but would have been nice if someone could have held my phone because that is how you know the angle is correct. Day vision on camera is FANTASTIC, however, night vision is very pixilated. I have zones set up to alert me when there is motion in specific areas, nice feature, right? Sadly the alert comes about 15 seconds after the event. These cameras have an exceptional daytime view and would use them for watching the kids in the yard, but for night security, you may want to look into something with better video quality
Cami. The product itself was good, but ran way too small. I am normally a medium (ordered large) and found that it didn't even go over my shoulders. Was a little disappointing
They are scented unfortunately. I’m not happy with the fact that there was no way to know they were scented, and it wasn’t marked as such on the box. I had to get rid of them because the heavy perfume was nauseating everyone in the family!
Too small. Better for children or smaller adults. Doesnt fit women with any type of chest
Small permanent black mark. One of the small bowls arrived with a small permanent black mark
Weird dimensions. The thing in front of the toilet is super short. I’m 5’9 not a big dude and when I’m sitting on the toilet my feet aren’t even on the mat. That’s how short it is. Plus, the toilet seat cover is HUGE. I wouldn’t buy this again. My cat likes to sleep on the mat next to my tub tho, so it gets a 2 star
First book was great, but the second book stops at what seems. First book was great, but the second book stops at what seems like the middle of the story. Many typos and a horrible stopping point
worked since Feb. Doesn't work. Second pair. Not replaceable this time
Two Stars. Graphic is not good and it is very hard to control the plane
Everything else I have from them has been great but this one is a miss big time. This is very far from no clean. It leaves an awful sticky residue and even discolors the metal on your soldering tip badly. Definitely not the quality I have come to expect from MG. Everything else I have from them has been great but this one is a miss big time
Lights are not the colors shown. The colors shown on the picture are not correct, and there is no steady on light up option, only flashing and changing. I wanted the colors shown, and it is more red and green and blue, no purple and teal
Fabric wearing already law enforcement use daily. Ok initially lasted 4 weeks after first wash air dry It is showing threads
Fragile, not sturdy. Loved how it looked but it cracked and fell off after only a few months
Works just OK and takes too many pills. The flush was definitely diminished, but just my cheeks were a weird pinkish flush instead of the normal red which I guess is an improvement. Also, it takes a lot of pills to sustain the effects (3 to start, and then 3 every hour) which can add up pretty quickly considering it's about $1 per pill. Hangover was also slightly reduced, but mine aren't terrible to begin with. I don't think I'm going to buy anymore after this bottle. I guess I set my expectations too high, considering the reviews and the claims
Good paper materials, terrible dice. The majority is as expected. I got this box for the opportunity to read through the DM side of a campaign since I would like to begin DMing campaigns for my friends. The books are fairly small and the box contained everything as advertised. I tested each of the die (7 sets) for balance and was severely disappointed to find that at least 2 dice from each set was out of balance. Some were more severely biased than others and I found a total of 20 of the 49 dice biased. I thought that a DnD starter set would be a reasonable place to assume I would have balanced dice with maybe a handful with issues. Almost have of the dice is a lack of quality control. I recommend just buying the books elsewhere
Not good. Not very good quality, paracord only goes about a quarter or nearly halfway through the entire strap. Not big enough for full size shotguns or rifles. Not comfortable. Definitely will replace this ASAP, should saved my money for a strap in the $50 range and got something of actual quality. For now this cheap thing will do
Not a good buy. Cases flimsy and is already starting to come apart on the edges the holding area to hold the tab upright does not work well it has a tendency to fall quite frequently so you have to pretty much hold the tablet in place while using the case to try to hold it up
Does nothing in terms of deterring. Have wasps and carpenter bees...... Put this up before they showed up for the year, did nothing. They don't recognize it as an actual competing
Bamboo split are three months. Great while it lasts but it doesn't last. The bamboo splits. 3 months, used once or twice a week and always hanging (not laying in water). Too sharp of splintering to use. Dry house-heat in winter alternating with humidity of shower is likely culprit. Maybe OK for tropical climes where you don't put on the heat in the winter?
Not a great deal. This watch is fairly inexpensive so buyer beware. That said the construction is mediocre at best. It was too small in diameter for my size wrist ( my bad). It came all boxed up nice and pretty... but that box was pretty beat up, dents and Mark's etc. Its supposed to be for display right. But the watch didn't work. I called the their # in Florida to see if I needed to do something about getting it started. Well if I wanted to spend $25 and send it to them they would fix it!!!. I called Amazon they took care of business..I went to s local store and bought a watch that was a bit more expensive like $30 and found the watch I really wanted. Don't thing I'll be buying something like a watch without looking at it first
Cheap but it’s useful. Cheap material but it’s doing it’s job. I just feel as though I won’t be able to have it for long before it may fall apart
Liners are not absorbent at all. The bags are excellent, but the liners hardly absorb any liquid at all. Very disappointed
Wobbles. Doesn't provide much protection & the stand makes it wobbly when lying flat. It's very cute but too "girly" for me
Made for small people. This is a beautiful chair, works great and it's comfortable. The problem is the size. It is sized to fit a person 5'5". I am 5'9" and my feet and half my calves hang off the door rest
Not reliable - broke on first trip. While the suitcases lasted, they were nice! Lightweight structure, decent interior, moved easily. Unfortunately, I got to enjoy these for all of an hour before they began to fall apart. Wheel came off, leaving the largest one rendered useless while we were half-way across the country. Not reliable, yet they are pretty. Note weights of each [packed] suitcase during their first (and last) trip: Large - 38 pounds Medium - 30 pounds Small - 17 pounds
In retrospect I wish I had returned these. I'm. In retrospect I wish I had returned these. I'm not sure of my exact bra size while nursing. I was a 34D pre-pregnancy but my boobs have grown very large. All of my other nursing tanks/bras have been purchased in XL and they are borderline still too small. I bought an XL in this shirt and it's very loose in the chest. That creates an uncomfortable rubbing on my nipples (which are obviously very tender anyway). Also there is no structure in the chest so my reusable breast pads are constantly moving around in the top and then not serving their purpose. These are really cute but they really provide me more frustrating than they're worth
Was great but didn't last long for the price I paid. Was great but didn't last long for the price I paid. The balance on the crane was slightly off wouldn't move. Fixed that. Then the whole peice snapped off. Easy to tip over. Not worth the price in my opinion
Two Stars. Was not so happy with these plants, because that never did get any flowers to produce blueberries
Two Stars. didn't like the cherry scent
Blocks cell service. It's a very protective case well built, but using my essential phone with it i get zero cell service, i can stand in the same spot that i would have 3 bars and with this case on i get zero. Only good for protection
Started strong, ended so poorly. The 2 main characters were perfect, with no flaws. The 3rd character was very poorly written, especially in terms of what it said. And the plot resolution was so hackneyed. Very disappointed
Not presentable as a gift!. Item arrived in 4 days but scratched, and dirty. Read the description it is tiny 2 inch square
Connections did not hold up. I purchased this last fall and soon the connector that shuts the water off was missing a screw. The seller replaced the hose which was great but now that I have started to use the new hose, the hose leaks at the connection. Not very happy with this. I do like the fact that the hose expands and retracts as it is helpful in the freezing weather when watering my animals. No was to contact the seller anymore
Warps EASILY. Plastic is too pliable and soft for it's. very cheap junk. Warps EASILY. Plastic is too pliable and soft for it's role
this was not what I expected. This did not smell like sandalwood. It's very floral
Great premise, but. The promos sounded great, but I really haven't cared for what I have read so far. The style of day-by-day and character-by-character writing (without much connective filler) isn't my thing
Don't buy. Not one of Sean Connery's better movies. It's an ok movie
Cheaper than I expected. The wood is rather cheap for the value. Still a good gift
Two Stars. Flower pot very small and has hole directly in bottom for water to run out
Ripped on 5th use. They seemed solid at first, but mine ripped open on the big toe my 5th time in the water. Quality is not there
I doubt that the charger works correctly. Bought this as an accessory to a game room I put together for the kids Christmas....First, the controllers have no indication if they are sitting/seeded properly. Second, it seems to only charge one controller at a time. If I sit one on and it turns red as if it is charging, then both lights turn green when I sit a second controller on. I don't play games, my kids do so they just connect a USB cable to the battery on the front of it when it gets low. I haven't had much time to troubleshoot, but there really isn't anything to it. I really don't think mine is working as expected. My kids say that the 2000mAh batteries hold a really long charge, but the charger station I think is useless
Not true to size... suggest that you. Not true to size...suggest that you order a size up...fit runs small
I purchase 3 of these an after only 2 weeks. I purchase 3 of these an after only 2 weeks the lights went out in the p and the e
Nice but burns up. Easy to assemble but completely burned the topper when lit
2 of 6 showed up broken. Unfortunately we didn't think to test these until we went on vacation, and 1/3rd of our order was broken, and it was past the return deadline. Otherwise would have been a great deal
I mean this stuff smells really bad. But it may just be me. Seems thick and creamy enough but the smell is awful. I mean this stuff smells really bad. But it may just be me
Questionable value. Not so good at marking, even on white clothes. I have to print in large letters even with the fine point marker. The ink does not seem to penetrate well
Read something else. I love all her other books, but the author sold out to "the flavor of the month" and it cheapened, and basically ruined the book. It also could have used some editing. Not well done
Poor quality. This item is not machine washable. I put it in once and it’s now really lumpy. The color faded very quickly
Not impressive. Low light intensity. This was not a good use of the money I spend. Very low light intensity, even when there was bright sunlight during the day . I use this to illuminate a tree trunk, which hardly make much difference
Two Stars. Easy to install, but broke leat than 2 months after my install
Not sufficient to hold cremains. This barely holds a speck of dust! Lovely little necklace but not good for cremains. I don’t feel like enough of my loved one is in there!
Battery died completely after a couple of months. I really enjoyed this product, but once I took it off for about a week, then went to put it on again, it stopped working. I tried several times to recharge the battery, but it seemed it died. I only had this product a couple of months. No literature came with the product that explained what could have possibly happened. I think the battery lost charge and then that was it! Very disappointing
Leaky. Quick and easy to use, excellent tasting coffee, and it all worked great for about a month. Then, the seal/spring mechanism at the bottom failed and leaked coffee all over my refrigerator. Would not buy again
Squeaky, sounds like it's going to break and new. I am 130 lbs, sleep alone and have memory foam mattress.. this bed frame should not be squeaking like this. Its loud and frightening when I am half asleep. I wish there was a way to send this back.... I did alot of research and chose this bed based one height and visual.. but it's not worth the noise
easy and efficient. a friend of mine recommended I buy a food saver since I live alone and often have left overs. I used for the first time to package individual chicken breasts it was so user friendly and worked with out a hitch. After using it for a few times it does not suck and seal as well as it once did. I plan on calling the manufacturer soon to see if maybe it is defective. Overall, I would still buy it!
Wouldn't Fit Yeti-Style Lids. I wound up returning these because in spite of what the ad said, they won't fit the Yeti-style (Sam's Club brand, etc.) insulated tumbler lids with the silicone sleeves on. Otherwise, they seemed to be nicely made
I wore them consistently for a month, but yesterday. I wore them consistently for a month, but yesterday the left ear fell off and the wires disconnected on the side. The noise reduction I was hoping for was working-until it didnt
Good product. Not so soft but use with patio
See through dress. I ordered a medium and it fit smaller than expected. That really wasn't the issue. I had an issue with the fact you could see right through it.!! You could see my tattoos, and undies. The only area that had lining is the breast area. It's a sexy dress, I just do not want to show all of my assets to everyone
Error message. This started showing an error message shortly after using it . I haven’t had time to return it
Pants are capris. The pants are nice but the outfit together isn’t that flattering. The pants were capris on my daughter, but it didn’t look bad I liked it that way
No quick access like a watch, but it does have other features. All the different viewing modes and I still can't get the weather, time, AND date on the same screen. The auto sensor to view doesn't work 2/3rds of the time. I can't just look at time like a watch, I have to tap it
Three Stars. did not work as well as original heads
Material is strange. This dress seems like something you could wear in warm weather but the material was too thick and had a weird feel to it. The design is so pretty
So loud!!. Makes a high pitch deafening sound when in use, all dogs and people in the house hated it. I will be replacing with something else. Charge doesn’t seem to last very long. Cool concept but not well executed, unfortunately
Three Stars. Nice need different one
They look a lot better than I thought they would. They look a lot better than I thought they would. Really nice case! I think they may work well in rain, I haven't tried it yet. In regular night driving they do brighten everything up but this was a problem for me because the oncoming headlights we're too bright and hurt my eyes
Three Stars. the cap doesnt seal very well and will leak if tipped over
You get what you pay for. This product is used to date misc. items. I liked how cheap the device cost. However we have yet to see how long it lasts. Definitely looks like it was made with much inferior material but gets the job done. The turning/date is a little different than the original but we made it work
Fits, Wider Gaps, and Might Not Seal Water. No complaint with fitment. It fits, however the gaps between the body and housing are definitely a little bit wider than OEM and it sticks out a little bit more. The second important thing to watch out for is the foam used might not seal water, but time will tell. The original OEM tailight housing used a black sticky foam to seal out water, but this product uses a type of gray nonsticky foam. Will update review in a few months after it gets exposed to the elements
Wrong Item Shipped. Cant really write an honest review because a $15 passport wallet arrived instead. it’s a nice wallet though
Ok, but not an authentic Kate Spade battery. It works fine, but it is not an authentic Kate Spade battery. It will only charge on the original charger that came with the Moto Z. It can not be charged on a wireless charger
Worked for me but the instructions are AWFUL. I bought this to charge my new DIY LiFePO4 battery in my camper. I set it up so that turning the truck driving lights on turns on the charger. The wire lugs are clumsy to work with but they seem to stay tight on the wire. The good news is it works and I've seen 20 amps of charge current through my Victron Battery Monitor. I took two stars off for the lack of support - a forum that Renogy doesn't respond to is supposed to supplement the badly translated written instruction. The dip switch configurations in the manual are incomprehensible and the forum posts states that the LiFePO4 settings in the manual are wrong anyways. Renogy said they would post the correct settings, which they never did. Luckily someone posted them here. Why am I so cranky about the dip switch settings? LiFePO4 batteries are expensive and I don't want to have to guess what the charger settings should be! Fix the instructions and they might have a hit. Victron just released a similar DC-DC charger, I wish I'd waited for theirs
Pretty. A little bit more cheaply made than they look in the pictures. They are hard to flatten out/uncurl
Don't work consistently. These dont work consistently for our phones. Sometimes have to fiddle with them to get a good charging connection
For vertical use. I keep this for spare in my RV along with a spare hose and yellow teflon tape
Its cute but over priced and should be bigger. Strap for mat poor location and bag not as big as expected, not worth the cost but is cute!
I think this movie is stupid, my wife thinks it's great. I'm destined to suffer through this movie every Christmas
Okay Product. This product did not work the way that I was expecting it to work
Decent chargers. Lasted a few months before they stopped working. Ended up going through all 4 of them and need to order new ones. Will try another brand and see if they last any longer. They worked great for a while
Too big. Too large, long weird arms even if you guys size smaller. Good quality and material though. But unfortunately, it just doesn’t fit right
The instructions are very poor for it. Major con is the instructions that come with it
These are LONG. I looked like I was ready for Halloween in these eyelashes. Fortunately, I have others that are more realistic that I can use. The magnetic eyeliner works perfectly. They are pretty easy to apply, especially compared to regular glue-on eyelashes
Soft but slippery. These are super soft, heavy duty and warm. But after a few days, they wouldn't stay tight and both the top and fitted sheets would bunch up by the morning. There is a sateen finish on the bottom side making them super slippery, causing them to slide up the mattress. If they stayed taut, they'd be awesome! But my husband also thinks they're too hot. The purple is a little more maroon color than plum, but still very pretty
A little help from a friend. A beautiful blue color. Unfortunately it didn't hold up well.The right side bar that is between the front and back frame keeps coming unglued. It is kept as a backup for now
Too dark. The colors are darker than I thought specially the red one it’s more like a dark maroon
Three Stars. I like dress just sized small
Too small. I was really excited to receive this kennel. I was hoping it would be great for travel. Though, it is, pretty light weight and folds easily. It seems like the fabric is decently durable. But, sadly it is too small for my for my 80 lbs. German Shepard. She cannot lay down in it with out her back very rounded and she can only stand up in it if the top cover is unzipped
Fun but tedious. It’s a very fun game and for $25 when it’s on sale is totally worth that, definitely not worth $40 though, the story is mediocre but combat is fun and very challenging!
Fingerprint sensor is VERY hard to get working. Well built unit but the fingerprint sensor is very picky and hard to get working
Sheds. Great scarf for warmth and love the buffalo plaid. The scarf does shed small red fuzz. Do not recommend wearing with a black sweater or coat
Ok & it’s oretty. Perfect length and has pretty sparkly but it’s nit fooling anyone as real
Just a little to big. Seemed good but was slightly to big by a hair, had to return
Three Stars. Plug do not stay close enough in ear to get the full sound of the music
Love this swaddle. Love this swaddle. Easy to get them wrapped right without the baby breaking free. My only complaint is that for a longer baby these won’t last very long. I purchased a small/med which fit fine then once i washed it according to the instructions it shrunk and no longer fit so i had to buy the large. After washing it fits fine but we probably won’t get much use because my 3 month old will be too big length wise for it soon
Not easy to use. It is not that easy to use. I prefer its another eye brow line
Doesn’t keep cold. Bought this for a river float to use for a family of 5. The size is rather deceiving and it didn’t keep ice long at all. Even in a cold river. We opted to use it instead to keep snacks and sunscreen in instead. So it wasn’t totally useless
It’s ok. I heard amazing thing about this mixer. It’s really no better than any other mixer
Three Stars. Why did we order flour from Amazon?
Great shirt. Loved my new shirt, it is more of a t-shirt material rather than a sweatshirt and it collects a lot of fuzz balls and lint and difficult to get them off (which is why only 3 stars) but it's super comfy. The seams are a bit large and so you can feel them but the hoodie itself was perfect for breastfeeding and easy to unzip with 1 hand
. Doesn't hold air like it should since I've had it
I had tried another brand which I liked and thought I would give another a try. I bought these for my dog. I had tried another brand which I liked and thought I would give another a try. The Velcro on these is way to sticky. One of these I cannot get "open" at all. I have never seen such strong Velcro. It also ran small. I got a medium for my dachshund and it is too small. It will work but bigger would be better. I will use them but won't order again
Durable. Worth it. They were bigger than I expected and the weight pulls them down on some outlets. But work great and am mostly happy
Messes up other stations. Works as indicated but when it's plugged in, regardless of whether or not it is turned on, it makes my radio stations static and cut out but they go back to normal as soon as I unplug it. I have it set to a channel that has no avail local station and nothing is even close to that number so that is annoying but otherwise it is serving it's intended purpose
Way too narrow. The back support is good but the seat itself is way to narrow for my liking. I can't fit my hips within the actual seat and its killing me. The sides of the seat are turned upright, causing the seat to become narrow. One's hips tend to ride up on the diagonal sides. I have overcome this by placing enough cushions on the seat to rise above the upward-turned edges of the seat
Too small. Didn't realize it was this small thought it would be bigger
Marks from mat show up on fondant. This product was so close to perfect but it has one big flaw as a mat for rolling out fondant that I'm surprised no one else pointed out. Then again, I guess there aren't that many reviews by bakers for this item. The mat is thin, the edges don't look like they will fray, it sticks perfect my table and counter top, it nicely folds away for storage. It was going so well and then I rolled out my fondant. I like to use my mats for not only rolling, but also placing the fondant on the cake, so the side that is facing the fondant ends up on the outside. Well, I discovered, as I was placing the fondant on the cake, the fondant was imprinted with all the lines and groves of the measurement markings and the little circles. Why?! It was so close to being THE One. None of my other mats do this so I was surprised. Alas, the search continues for a good mat for rolling out my fondant for my large cakes
Meh. It reads more like a documentary. I prefer more action in My Books so I probably will not follow this Author
Don’t wear in the winter; only windy summer days. Did/didn’t like the material it was made of. Sturdy but wind flows freely through it. Great for summer if you live in a windy area terrible if during winters
Ok product not amazing. Not my favorite curler, it does the job but it’s nothing special. I have thick hair so it takes quite a while to create a good curl, would probably be better for thinner hair. Wouldn’t suggest buying if you have thick hair
Three out of four. I love how convenient it is to have the remote control. The candles are lovely, however, one of the candles only works for one day, and then I have to replace the batteries. I can't figure out why this happens. Any suggestions? Would it be possible to replace that candle?
Missing Gold string. The product itself was nice, however the string was missing
Larger than anticipated. These were a good buy for the price. They are a little bit bigger than I expected, but I still wear them. Just have to pull them up from time to time. The quality is also a little less than expected. I much prefer the jeggings I have from Sam's Club. Still not bad for the price
I can't really enjoy these. I bought these because Big Brown talked about them on his podcast so I wanted to try them.. they're ok. However knowing how gummy candy is made, I can't really enjoy these.. or any other gummy candy for that matter Lol
None. The anchor was rustic and fit in with what I wanted to do. The quality is marginal
Slow shipping. I posted an earlier comment with a rating on 1, saying this product never arrived. I am correcting that incorrect information, It did arrive, and product is as advertised
Not great quality. The material was not the best and the size was too small. It also shrunk really easily in the wash
Three Stars. Wore very easily already have been through entire box made from cheap steel
green is very dark. This dress is pretty short & I am 5'2", but the color was much darker than pictured so it doesn't look denim, it looks more of a dark camo green
These cards are super cool. These cards are super cool! The one thing that bothers me....I bought a different waterproof set of cards but they were wrapped in plastic. I ended up buying this set also, as I liked the box that was included to hold the cards in. My box was cracked and split to where I can't use it to hold the cards :( It would have been a definite 5 star had the box not came broken
🙄. The bed came on Time the boxes came damaged I hope the product isn’t damaged.. I’m gonna check once the install comes to put up the bed
Heat output was inadequate for our needs. We bought this to use in our small trailer. It was inadequate. I would not consider this a space heater. If you just wanted to say warm your feet it might work
Light bulbs don't work. I just now hung these, and 3 of the bulbs don't work. Can u send replacements?
These don't work all that well and they don't last. These don't work all that well and they don't last. But they are cheap and as a quick fix it's ok
still it was a good read. I found the story a bit predictable, still it was a good read
nice graphics. average Bic as expected
Fit is OK. These floor mats are nice, and they will contain a spill, but the fit is not as good as I expected. They were my first WeatherTech purchase. I think I would continue to buy this product for future cars just because we live in the country and they contain the gravel and such, but they are not as snug a fit as I hoped for
Its okay. made good. Wish the clip was somewhat wider
Fits small. I decided to order a medium since the small was way too tight in the chest area. For reference I am 5’4”, 150 lbs, 32D. Cute dress though
Sturdy and inexpensive. Bought as an extra set for work and when they came they were a bit rusty. Cleaned up easy enough but was a bit disappointed that they required it at all
Tink is Pleasure and no Pain. Nice EP. Tink has some nice songs and great tracks
Size up in this gray/black color!. I have this same bra in a couple colors but this one fits smaller than the others. Size up ladies
Did help but. It actually worked well but now that I have used it a couple of months the Velcro doesn’t stay and the metal comes out of the little pouch
I'm trying to break them in and hopefully will be happy with them. I bought maybe 5 pairs of these over the last 30 years and they all fit very well except this last pair. They apparently started making them more narrow (or my foot is getting wider?) which is the problem. I'm trying to break them in and hopefully will be happy with them. I use them in the house but will not change shoes if I have to just run out on a quick errand
Three Stars. They have written better
Overall good, but defective power cord on some units, blad dulls quickly. I've owned this for one year. The blades went dull after about 25 lite uses to make fruit juice. You cannot replace the blade and you must buy a whole new unit. The base/motor is durable. I washed it directly under water several times and it never failed. I ordered a new one but the power cord is too short and does not wrap around the base long enough for the cord to be properly stored (see photos). It is about 1" too short. This makes all the difference when you want to keep it handy on your counter top. I still consider it a good deal because of the low price. It is convenient, compact, easy to clean, and very handy
Three Stars. I switched from Tarte mascara to this mascara. Tried one bottle and went back to Tarte
Misses the "Goldilocks Zone. I initially ordered the 11-inch version to sift bran out of my flour to soak before baking, but the diameter was too large to shake over most of my bowls and I had to angle it to keep from sifting flour all over the countertop. So I ordered this one and found that the mesh (which is also ultra-fine) does a fine job, but I can't put much flour in it without it shaking over the sides while I sift. If this company offered a sifter with an 8" (or so) diameter, that would be more ideal. I still use this but it takes several batches to get all of my flour sifted
?. I’m not sure if this stuff even works
Not my favorite. Color was not the gold I was looking for. Too dark
Much too long. It's a nice quality chain but much too long. I'm 5' 1" and it hung down a few inches above my belly button. I tried to knot it but the chain does not knot well
Pass!. I really wanted to love this product but it doesn’t get the milk warm enough from the fridge to feed. I have to put in twice for it to be hot and then it’s too hot!
not a bad scooter. This makes wide turns, but you don't feel like it is easy to fall off of. The brakes hold well when transitioning between different elevations
Cute but. It’s nice and comfortable, however it slides loose very often :(
Three Stars. It works well, but the towels on the both ends would dry up after several hours
Three Stars. It could have a little more favor
Not breathable at all and very expensive. Even the small is very big so it is hard to stuff all that sock into my sneaker. NOT BREATHABLE at all, my feet are steaming hot in these socks. Very expensive for the value
First time read. This was my first time reading a book by this author. Very interesting. Liked the characters. But, I didn’t like the ending because it was unfinished. Other than that, I liked the book
Not for me. Quality not as I expected, you can tell it’s not an original adidas jersey but I guess, ok for the price. I decided to return it. My son didn’t care because he loved the bag and the key chain that came with it too but I returned it anyway
Holds the cold like advertised. Leaks out the sides if tipped over. Otherwise it works great by keeping hot or cold for 1 to 2 days! We play tennis in Florida and need that cold consistently....it works !
Nice gym shirt. Very nice shirts but, two out of the three Flair at the armpit area. If it wasn't a gym shirt I will be more upset about it but forewarning for anybody looking to buy this
Expect to get what you paid for. Foot recline sinks a bit in the middle. Mostly for kids and teens
Nice case - No Wireless Charging. I like the case, the compartment is great. Just very bummed it won't charge on my wireless chargers. (I have 3 different types of wireless chargers and none work.)
Noisy ticking. When it runs it sounds like a quiet little engine. Ticks about 6 times a second. Not worth sending back but I wouldn’t buy again
15 minutes to put together 👍🏻. We adopted a kitten recently and she’s crazy! Lol high energy like most kittens. We have had many kittens throughout the years and our new one is definitely the craziest. She likes being high up ( of course ) and everything she jumps on is about 3 feet high.. give or take. So, when I saw this condo, I knew it would work for her because of the size. The color is a darker gray, but nonetheless matches the color scheme in our family room. My hubby and I put it together in like 15 minutes. The problem I have with it is... you can see the screws in a couple areas. Like the top, flat part of the screw. We installed the cubbies in different angles ( not all the openings going the same way ) because we thought she would enjoy that and she does. She never uses the scratching posts lol. The little toy that is attached to the top bed, she absolutely loves. My only other issue with this condo is the top part (the bed) It’s just a soft cover over a piece of wood. Our kitty is only 3 months and 3.7 pounds. We don’t expect her to get bigger than 6-7 pounds once grown so I feel she’ll use this for many years to come. It seems pretty sturdy, it’s bottom heavy.. so I don’t see this tipping over. Overall, I’m satisfied with my purchase
Three Stars. Came in good time but cannot help my condition. Will see in time
The motor looks like it a bit difficult to turn a 2KG chicken. The product is Ok. The motor looks like it a bit difficult to turn a 2KG chicken, but it does the work. The battery pack look very low quality, would expect for something more durable. and it need a stand for the skewer in order to turn
Three Stars. had stains on the back of the case
Three Stars. was not stated the weight of the topper designed for
Garmin SD navigation for Mercedes Benz. The voice quality is poor. It does not respond to voice commands. The visual display is not as clear as some free navigation like google map. I would not buy it again. To be fair, it will take you where you need to go
Color. Some of them was not spray painted good but I was able to make it work other then that they turned out pretty good
Not quite as pictured. I ordered this onesie specifically because I didn’t want the baggy look in between the legs like the similar onesies from other sellers. It is not exactly as pictured and is baggy in between the legs. Pretty disappointed because I ordered a more expensive one for the sole purpose of it not being baggy
Not the big ones. Thought these were the bigger version. I can still use them but not what I wanted
Halfway there. The bottoms fit great and are super cute...the top is bulky and kind of uncomfortable
Too long for standard gates. These are 8 mm but too long for my gate
Item fine. Shipping slow. The item was what I needed. However the shipping was a joke. It was over a week before the item shipped and almost another week for it to get to my house and it was only traveling one state over. I ordered it with the expectation of it being here in time for a weekend project [it was projected to be here before then]
If you have 2000 Blazer you better have Dremel Tool. It says plug and play. However, to get the lights mounting to fit onto a 2000 blazer mounting bracket you have to take off material on the new lights housing (It will be unseen when you are through if you do it correctly). If you know how to use a dremel and have flat top grinding bit you can do it but otherwise you will be out of luck. Also, the grommet that you need for he wiring is half the size of the original. You will have to cut the original and put it on the one. If you don't mind doing all of this it fits the overall bracket and has a factory fit when done. Defiantly not plug and play as advertised (Maybe on Suburban but not a Blazer). Just know you have to modify for the 2000 blazer and I suspect other blazers. but I know for a 2000 it going to take some work
Good fridge magnets but wouldn't trust them holding my tools. Not nearly as powerful as I was led to believe by the description
Look like seller don't give a damn on reviews. Case fits perfectly. Screen protector don't fit and match at all. Look like seller don't give a damn on reviews. Complaint on the screen protector misfit had been brought up before
Three Stars. It'd It's just OK. I know it's a small battery-powered fan, but I thought it would be stronger
Three Stars. Like the mug, but the lettering kind of runs and smears
Popped. It lasted for a few weeks. My gog popped it on second week
Old school detective story but fun to read. Old school detective story but fun to read. His daughter came to our book club so that really ADDED big time! He was quite a man and an important author in his day!
not super helpful and doesn't have a lot of the basic. Eh, not super helpful and doesn't have a lot of the basic nursing diagnoses
Alight, could be better. Was hoping for a thicker "yoga mat" feeling
but I'm slightly disappointed. The letters on the outside of the keyboard. I bought this for my MacBook 12" because the back light on the keyboard comes through, but I'm slightly disappointed. The letters on the outside of the keyboard don't match up with the keyboard protector as well as I hoped it would. It also slides around often because the protector isn't "deep" enough to sink into the keyboard. Overall, I would give it a 7/10
Lock and Key! Not so much. Hmmm, I could find anyone to install this lock for me without charging an arm, leg, and a baby! From $500 to $800 for a door I paid only $115 for. No thanks! If I screw up the door, I'll just buy another one. It took a while to saw through my solid door without a template since one isn't provided. It was ready to install I assembled it on the door. During testing the lock and key I somehow broke it. The key is now stuck in the lock and would not turn it pull out. Sigh! I spent time out of my life to install this and now it's broken. Not sure if I want to try it again and get another one. I'm super frustrated right now. The lock looks beautiful, however, the functional if it, not so much
nice but not great quality. in general the slippers are nice and soft, but the inside lining already was coming apart from the outside material when I received it
Not for professional use. These eyes are not too bad if your not planning to sell your handmade items. They have streaks thru a lot of the color ones. The black ones are fine. Also the backs that you snap on them end up ripping so then they don't hold the eyes in. Was a little sad that they aren't made better
Three Stars. It works but it is not too steady
Leonard cohen music requires a taste for his music. the various disks contained many selections which I had not heard before. I has not impressed with some of his earlier work. overall some good some bad, overall FAIR rating
Pay the extra money for a nice one. This Lasted for about 6 months and then crapped out. I used it maybe 3-4 times a week and rised it out very frequently. You get what you pay for I guess
Three Stars. These cleats provide great traction. However, the back straps broke after a week or two
Battery went to half after two months. I bought this item a few months ago and loved it but last week the battery display goes from 100% to 90% when I plug my phone in then it goes down a percent every two seconds till 50% and stabilize back to normal.. so in short I only get half the battery power I originally got when I received it.. I can charge my phone one time compared to two almost three when I first received it
A Blast and a Bloop. I cannot recall enjoying a book more only to be disappointed and even dismayed at the inadequacy of the ending. It could have been so much better with the addition of two or three more sentences. But for the ending this would have been a five star review. Instead I am left with the cliche of "Really? Are you kidding me?
Lasted less than 2 years. Bought this in 2017. It died today. I guess it was worth the money though I didn't use it often
Does Not Fit My Unit. Clips fit the posts as they are supposed to, but the shelving slid right over them! They are not thick enough to fit tightly inside the tapered tubes on the shelves..... I had to wrap layers of vinyl tape over them to keep the shelves from bypassing them.... My previous older clips provided a VERY SNUG, SECURE fit
Color was a weird shade. Looks fake. The color was way off. It looks like wig hair, not natural looking to me. I ordered one from Ulta that is PERFECT
Ok. Not too easy to hook up, but a good and comfortable seat. My son likes it
Three Stars. Came a little scratched and dirty. Could be due to all those space missions it went on!
Decent. Does not stay cold long but does help
I am not too happy about that. I ordered size 9. It is a bit big for me. Maybe 8.5 is about right, but there is no 8.5. My feet keeps sliding forward. I am not too happy about that. Would you? It will probably cost me more to return it, so I have to bite the bullet !!!!!!! It is a SAD situation, but true. The memory form is NOT IDEAL, BELIEVE ME. What can I say. Not happy with any purchase !!!!
Nice for the Price - But Has Notable Usability Flaws. Pro: Picture quality is very nice Pro: Sound is good enough for the purpose Pro: Price is good Con: When the unit is rotated 180 degrees and folded shut (as it would be in a car mount), the convex monitor backing can push the function buttons behind it when even the slightest amount of pressure is applied (like a toddler playing with the TV with their feet). Often, playback is stopped as a result of these interactions. Con: The remote works, but reception at the unit is a little sketchy from just a couple feet away. Often have to push buttons more than once to get the unit to respond. Con: The headrest mounting case has a strap that covers the On/Off switch in the unit. Since you cannot toggle the unit's power from the remote, it can make things awkward. Con: The cigarette lighter adapter has a short cord (two feet long, tops). I was lucky and already had an extended adapter that fit this unit; otherwise, I would have needed to buy a different adapter to use this unit in the vehicle. It would have been too far away from any power source. I don't dislike the unit - and doubt it will get returned - but had I known these things going in, I would have purchased a different unit
Difficult to read. Just a note to others. The LCD background is black so the numbers do not have a strong contrast making this (me) difficult to read day or night at a glance. Otherwise would have given 4 stars overall. I returned mine...thank you Amazon
Odd fit and snap pulled out. Fits weird...the space your head goes into is round, most heads are oval. It sort of wobbles. I also popped a snap the second time I unsnapped it. But it’s inexpensive enough that I wanted to make it work..I was able to soak it and reshape it somewhat, and I just sewed that side back up
Ok. Good clappers but break easily
but functions fine. Can't speak to the altimeter functions or the. A little confusing to program, but functions fine. Can't speak to the altimeter functions or the underwater mode because I have no idea what that is. It's kind of cute. It has a lot of timers
It works great - for about 6 months. I loved this product until it stopped working. It lasted about 6 months before the power supply started making a clicking sound and the machine would turn off and on. I'm not sure if this poses a safety/fire risk, but I would rather not take my chances. If you are thinking of getting an automatic feeder for your pet - DO IT. My cat used to wake me up for food every morning. After getting an auto-feeder he stopped associating me with his morning meal and would quietly head to his dish every morning when he would hear the tray rotate. I will be buying a new one of these immediately - just not this one
Ego-trips galore. I found it very hard to like any of the characters in this book, they were almost all on their own ego trip, disregarding everyone around them, only caring about their own happiness. The story and writing itself is good, but when you don't want anyone to have a happy ending it is not quite a pleasure to read
go with the black!. good case but gets stained so quick
Not what I expected. I wish I would have spent more money on quality chairs. The knob you turn to look chair in place slips and the chair won’t stay in place. Big disappointment
they are nice placemats but they come rolled up tight instead of. they are nice placemats but they come rolled up tight instead of flat. It will take some time for them to flatten out. The silver is a dull silver, not bright
Not bad, not good. This was promoted to me as being like Elmore Leonard, but it's not remotely in the same league. Some good characters, lots of action, but I won't bother with the rest of the series
Pricey for these jugs. Only had one pump in box
Not impressed. The package was weird I thought I only got one Stark had to turn around and go back and ask
nice looking just not a quality piece. very light weight. thin metal. nice looking just not a quality piece.it was okay for a kids gift. don't see it lasting very long as it will dent easy
Just okay. I don't know what happened but the original string isn't any better than this generic string. This one breaks off and also sticks together so it won't auto feed
Good board but poor quality markers/eraser. The size is perfect for what I wanted. I love being able to use the cork board and magnets for holding papers. The white board would be great, but the markers they send are not great quality and didn’t fully erase and stained the board. The eraser also is not high quality, either. There are scratches now on the board from it. Overall, a great board but I’d not use the things sent with it next time
Cracks on the sides. i had mines for almost a year and it has cracked on the edges and the clear skin peels off
Very nice for a gift can. I little pricey. My boyfriend liked it. I used it as a gift box for valentines day that I thought maybe he could use later. I thought it was OK. not great just OK. I am used to the army surplus store kind of cans. This was not that. BUT VERY nice for a gift can!
Not as reliable as the 20,000 model. Seems to charge slower then the last model I had. swapped cords, same result. Had 2 led left and it cut out today after 10 min of charging my iPhone. Somethings really odd on this charger
Not very durable. They were okay while they lasted but my kindergartner destroyed one in his backpack and the other didn't survive an accidental 3.5 foot drop
screen protector. The plastic screen was cracked when I opened it, other than that it does what it needs to do
Will still use but very disappointed. Did not receive product as described. 1% and not 2% salicylic acid. Will still use but very disappointed
Three Stars. Wish it was larger to draw more attention
Flimsy mounting bracket. The video out via usb is not working. I still have to determine which part is defective: the cable or camera itself. Video recording quality is acceptable. The mounting bracket with swivel function is very flimsy. Nee to make another plan to have a stable mount
Bad design. Not as good as it was described. I am not happy with this product at all. Not high quality
Mislabeled. The case was listed as the "Defender" model and came without any instructions. I went to the Otter Box website and discovered it was really a "Commuter" model. Fortunately the Otter Box site had basic instructions on how to open the case and put the iPhone in – found much better instructions on YouTube . The color shown was listed as Morning Mist/Bahama Blue/Light Teal but really looks more like a very pale Robin's egg blue. The case looks sturdy enough and should do the job but I was less than happy with the product description and color. Not worth the effort to return it
very thin. Very thin, won't keep you that warm, wife wanted it because of the pattern but once we go it we knew it wouldn't really work so the dogs have a new blanket
the package was a little damaged when it got here the plastic on the side was open and the little pieces were all around. the package was a little damaged when it got here the plastic on the side was open and the little pieces were all around
Sit's very close to eye. Not comfortable. These sit very close on top of my eyelashes and makes it hard to see. My makeup smears the lenses and also makes it hard to see. Returned them
Product thrown on ground. My product was thrown on the ground
Three Stars. Didn’t meet my needs. My own fault for insufficient research
Works good needs better velcro. Works good but the velcro wore out pretty quick so I added another piece to keep it held together
check for holes. Thin material, graphics is as pictured and looks really good. Only issue I have is the pocket had a hole in the seam before it was even worn
Three Stars. Wasn't what I expected but found use for it
Smaller than expecting. this unit works good but it was about 1/2 the size I was expecting
Good for the trail if you're in a pinch. Had just a bit too much Citrus. Really nice try though
Three Stars. I love the screen but the only problem it wasn't a privacy screen
Good speaker outside of the shower. This product would not stick on the shower wall for very long. If you try and use the bottoms it will fall off the wall, I tried a lot of different tactics and it just wouldn’t stay on there
Too small for my taste. Cute. But really small
The birds like it - usually only one at a time. The birds like it - usually only one at a time. It's fussy and hard to keep level. The red gaskets holding the fluid in the tube age quickly. Would not buy again
Three Stars. The plant did not have any leaves until now. I was thinking this might be scammed
disappointed,. The ink did not last very long, went back to my hp ink
Almost perfect!. Posters are amazing quality! I bought the right size frames but upon framing them they are about .5 inches to short for the frame so that was disappointing but they are for my sons room so they won’t care! I would give five stars if they would have cut them right!
Keeping the cables straight. They work ok. I have had some of them unstick themselves from the wall and shelves, but others have stayed put (thus the three stars -they do seem to work, and it has been about a month and a half so far). I purchased them to hold ethernet cables in place (prevent a rats' nest) when I rebuilt the in-house network. If they had a hole to put a nail through (as an option in order to keep them in place) or the glue was a bit stronger, I'd give the rest of the stars. The failure rate of about 1/3 is the reason for only three stars. Still, overall, they're working
Not Great if You're an Air Fryer Beginner. I needed to learn the basics to start using my new Air Fryer -- recipes were good but I wanted to know how to cook things I had on hand...basic instructions that my Air Fryer instructions were less than complete about. Neither was this book. Not really recommended for Air Fryer newcomers!
Flimsy bristles. Love the way they look, really dislike how soft and flimsy the bristles are. It takes way more pressure and way more passes to use the brushes than I’m used to
Looks like the deivery guy just threw it in front of. I thought i lost the package. Looks like the deivery guy just threw it in front of our house and it got blown away to our neighbor house. It is hard to replace the cork and my husband has to sand this down
Works great for making glitter coins hard to pull apart. I broke a few nails just trying to pull these apart. I don’t use them for coin collecting but I use them to make samples of glitters in. Other than that they are ok for what I need. Just hard to open!
I have not had a chance to observe our granddaughter. I have not had a chance to observe our granddaughter use the pen which we gave her as a gift. The delivery was completed as promised on short notice for which we are grateful
Two number 7s, and no 1!. the product itself is fine, but they somehow messed up and the green circle 7 and the green circle 1 are exactly the same. Not a great way to teach numbers to my one year old
Not matte, not any easier to draw with. Was supposed to be matte but it’s not. It’s not any easier to draw but I kept it anyways because I already took the time to put it on
Poor performance. The straight wire broke right away, very disappointing. I had to resort to a serrated knife. The Sculpting wire did ok. Was expecting better quality
monkey handling. disliked the fact that the product was all over the inside of the packaging upon delivery
Don't buy have to keep replacing power cords. It works but I have to change the power cord every 3 weeks because it burns up the power cord. Ruins the outlet too
Dented, wondered where exactly it came from. Hard to find in stores. Good price. Box was dented when I received it
Don’t use coarse spices. First time trying this I used a store bought marinade. The spices in the marinade clogged the whole thing. We spent an hour trying to unclog it. Lesson learned now we only use all liquid with super fine spices and it works well
Eh. Sponges soak up more than I thought they would and a re a bit smaller than I thought
Has not arrived yet. I did buy one of these a year or more ago, so I know it will work for it's designed purpose--Signaling other with sun shine. Just used as a back up signal, in case of problem, where there is no other way to signal
Bright, but poor build quality. They are bright, but the adhesive holding on the heat sink is incredibly weak and with a tiny bit of pressure will cause the heat sink to pop off. Ended up throwing them away
Poor package. Quality is great but package is bad, no any wrap when I open the box. Bought same item from other suppliers, all I got with sealed plastic package inside
Screen shot original listing before ordering. Ordered two pack based on pick on add and only got one. Good quality
Sizing. A little bigger that I expected
Works pretty well, though. doesn't have the range promised. Works pretty well, though
As desired, good for the price. As desired, good for the price
These are for smaller application projects. Good product but too small for me
works well. This works great to pit cherries quickly which is important if you have 7 grandchildren all wanting berries for lunch when they come to visit!
This is a great phone case. It is a very good phone case but it can be harder to plug in a thick charger. Other than that is is great and affordable
Four Stars. helps pain in my feet and legs
It does hurt like h***. It works great and I bought three all had the same issue the prongs snag on my uniform and come out the or the flashlight button comes off other than that it did its job when I needed it to and that's what counts
Love the classic armor. Great product and what I wanted. Love the fact it's the classic armor. Only advice I give is if your a big time collector and want it to stay in the box, buy with caution, but only because of the delivery service. The product was most likely fine when it left but my box was damaged. The figure was fine
They're not bad. A lot can fit in them so Don't. They're not bad. A lot can fit in them so Don't fill them to the very top. Warning: don't squeeze it because it will pop open and whatever you have in it will come out. Also they are a little risky to have freely in your carry-on. I recommend putting a piece of plastic on top before putting the lid on or taping it shut, or putting it with other things that can be easily cleaned in a plastic bag/Ziplock back
Love start game but no ronda and rey. Love the game. But i never got my pre order code for ronda and rey. But still going to play it
Still good though. No complaints except now after a few months of having it it gets really hot and whenever hit a bump it stops working and says error. Still good though
Solved the problem for which they we’re purchased. Worked as advertised. Fast shipping. No problems
Really like this shampoo. Really like this shampoo! It got rid of my puppies dandruff but after a day they start to stink again
Great product, cable is stiffer than others. Good product, well packaged. Cable is very stiff and holds shape, unlike other Anker cables
This will stiffen 'er right up. Used it a couple times before I realized I just don't have enough hair for a nice mustache...too bad, I really like the scent
Four Stars. they work well. Strange they are in a bag of 5 though
protection from little feet. a great find. the price is better than most out there. the quality is excellent. stays in place and protects from little feet
It's working fine so far. Lighter than the original wire. Replaced our entire original fence two months ago. It's working fine so far. But it is, like I said, a lot lighter than the manufacturer's original
Blood Magic. I really like this series and I'm looking forward to the next book, however I had a hard time getting into this one. I normally get more and more hooked with each book I read in a series and this one just didn't do that to me. There were some really great scenes that made me happy but I feel like there was not much character or relationship development and most of the book was just Ariel pondering to herself over things to the point I unfortunately found myself more annoyed with her then liking her. That being said I would still definitely recommend this series and I'll be looking forward to the next book and hoping Ariel and her coven grow closer and stronger together!
3.5 stars. Well, in my opinion anyway. Decent acting, it felt like a documentary. The plot line was pretty good. I would definitely watch this again
Lovely and Functional, BUT. The black elastic bands are harsh against blonde or light hair. Would be nice if the seller made the same thing, only using the gold elastic bands to blend with blonde hair. Otherwise, these seem to be good quality and are working well. Just wish they came with gold or beige bands, too. Would give it FIVE stars for that
Four Stars. Good but very small
👍. Works good, but with the whining, my teeth seem to get more sensitive
Needs improvements. Great, but has a short range
You CAN learn to function. Nothing....no I enjoyed it all ...............that is it. Don't care for THUS requirement at all. Not at all. Nope. No
Good value for the money. It works good.. so far.. I can't speak for the longevity of it bc I have only had it for a short time but I know it's got to last longer then the cheap a$$ charger that came with the drill
but the ease of taking it on and off is much better than that of covers that have the two pieces. Not as protective for drops as some of my previous cases, but the ease of taking it on and off is much better than that of covers that have the two pieces (rubber first, then plastic shell). This is just one piece. Protects it well enough and I dig the colors
Good Support But Need Non-Slippery Surface. Not hard to install but the covering material is very slick and you need to put a rug or other non-slip surface on top of it if you don't want you pet slipping around while seated on it
Very easy to put together. Works great and is very easy to assemble, screw the legs on and you are done. Very heavy when unpacking though
Good product, nice work for nighttime driving. Good product,nice work for nighttime driving.But the case look like old,has a little scratch
workout. I have not used my bands yet bought the green and purple My first response thick heavy duty but worried, they maybe a bit long for the bars at the gym
More than just an apron! Make a fantasy come true!. Fabric is a little on the lightweight side but washes beautifully. I like it!! And the huge array of color possibilities, along with the inexpensive cost means I can spoil myself with different colors. And one perk is that it can make some of your imaginative and wildest sexual fantasies come true. A pizza delivery will never be the same when u leave your apron outside the door along with instructions with what (not) to wear under the apron. Have fun!
They still worked great in my entryway chandelier. These are not the small vanity lights I thought they were. These are the same size bulb as your average home light fixture. They still worked great in my entryway chandelier
Four Stars. So far holding a charge as expected
It works great for ASMR. I use this microphone for ASMR. I liked this mic because it worked very well, but on one video the sound went in and out, but my other videos were fine, but overall it was amazing!
Four Stars. they were great coverage!
Four Stars. I apply concealer first and the product really stays on and the color pops
I LOVE my new phone case. I LOVE my new phone case! I was so excited to get it. The shipping was late, That was my biggest concern. I usually don't care if the shipping is late but I was very excited about it. If you are thinking about not buying it because you think you can't put a pop socket on it, rethink that decision because it works very well with a pop socket!
More bang for your buck. Dependable, light face cream. More bang for your buck than those pricey little tubes and jars
nice and will work at my desk but no battery. nice and will work at my desk but no battery option and only one speed. You can move it a little but will work good for my office desk
Not a very strong light. I needed a stronger light. They worked for small area
Great iPad Case for People Who Are Keyboard Oriented. I like this case. It stays open and I can pick it up without everything flopping over like my last one which broke my former iPad when it flipped sending everything to the floor. This one appears to be sturdy, is lightweight and fairly easy to type on except for the placement of the right hand shift key. Its nice to be able to choose a color that matches my device too!
Cute for Kids. This is good quality, a bit large for my goddaughter but good that can wear two years at least. it's cute and good for road trip for pillow/jacket
Four Stars. Actually too bright for a lot of rooms
Quality steering wheel cover but grip will be THICK. Took off one star because grip will get REALLY thick. But this is a quality steering wheel cover though. Looks quite nice in red on my 2017 GTI. I mainly bought it for Summer because I tend to have suntan lotion on my hands and I didn't want to get any on the original steering wheel. I will say though that I sort of got used to the thick grip after a few days, but it really is dang thick. Product fit perfectly on my steering wheel.. most steering wheel covers take some finagling to get them on so just keep at it
Not bad for the price!. This was exactly what I was looking and what I expected it would be liked based off of previous reviews. I needed a towel rack near the shower and had no place to hang one. I wanted a standing rack that did not take up much space and this one fits perfectly. I knocked it down one star because it is not very sturdy and is not level to the floor. Maybe my floor is not level...lol. Plus, two regular towels will fit but takes some time squeezing them both in and they touch once in place (see pictures)
Good, but don't order if you're in a rush. This product may not be the "next best thing," but I found it easy to use and certainly much cheaper than the Chanel I like (which I'm keeping...haven't made a final decision). One thing is that it takes ridiculously long to get. I've ordered twice and both times it took MORE than two weeks
A great product to have. I really enjoy using my new smart wristband! I recently had a baby and I needed something to help track some very important things like heart rate and calories. Not only does this wristband do that it also has so many other functions. You can receive phone calls, monitors your sleep gives you reminders, counts calories, count your heart rate and even your steps. I chose to buy this smart wristband because It is extremely inexpensive compared to other trackers like this one. One of my favorite things about this smart wristband is that you can charge it easily with the USB and it's got a decent battery life. Although if you do receive lots of notifications your watch will die sooner
Good purchase. Good blades. They dull a bit faster but for the price they are worth every penny
REALLY works. As expected. I have purchased this item before
The Manny. Cute book. Cameron can’t find a job as a teacher so he becomes a Manny to Nathan’s 3 unruly kids. He gets Nathan’s kids to like and listen to him. The relationship between the two men progresses more slowly. They take their time and try to fight their feelings. But in the end they are able to figure it all out. I would have liked to see a like more conflict with the kids and them finding out. But they’re never really told of the relationship during the book. Overall I thought it was pretty good. Defense worth a read if you like single Dad with kids finding someone to love books
Good shelves. Cute and sturdy. Would buy again
Pretty, practical, great warranty. I love the color and it seemed to be durable. Pressure points in winter when heavy snow sits on it can be a problem and cause holes. The warranty is great
Four stars. It took a few days to do well, so I gave it to the four stars and continued to pay attention to it
Cord is on wrong side to use. Rest is great. Love that my artesian bread fits so well. The toaster is beautiful and toasts well. The design of the cord placement is at the wrong end of the toaster though. It must be pulled out and flipped around in order to use it unless you have it on a counter that is open on both sides
Cute golden wallet for my niece. Bought it for. Cute golden wallet for my niece. Bought it for her birthday present. It has cute little charm. Holds cash & coins well. She really loved it. Made me very happy!
Good product overall!. Storage capacity is great! Very well built, seems to be durable overall. The only problem was that it has missing one of the end cap bolt, so I had to go and buy one
good one. I esteem the last three pages the charts are educational. Whatever is left of the book took me sooner or later to scrutinize truly explained of revealing what Wicca was to people who did and did not grasp their conviction without at fault no one
Wrong color.. got pink in a blue box. Awesome product but I ordered two blue and one was pink. My nephew was not amused... lol! Had to purchase a third and give the pink to my niece
Nice Heavy Cable. The cable did not specify the wire gauge but is 23, which is much better than expected
they worked!. I liked them! I just wish the top part wasn’t so big! They definitely worked well for me otherwise. I am a B cup, and they stayed put most of the night. I would recommend them!
Exactly as described. I purchased these for a friend, but he told me they fit well and he enjoys using them. While he has only used them twice, they have met his expectation thus far
Almost there, but not quite. Having played many iterations of this game, I have to say that 5th edition has made the game fun again without getting too mired in the complex rules that made the game inaccessible to so many people who might otherwise have given this tabletop classic a try. The book itself is pretty solid, and it has lots of nice illustrations. I can't give it 5 stars though because I feel that it omitted some of the most iconic and important monsters from previous versions of the game. It's a good start, and maybe Wizards will one day release a second volume that completes this one
Other than that working fine. It would get 5stars if it came with door! Other than that working fine
Works. Works just like it always has since it was invented
Good Birthday Gift For The Kitty Lover. Bought as a birthday gift for a Hello Kitty lover. She dug it. Enough said
OK for little cupcakes. I was looking for individual cupcake holders for BIG cupcakes and these aren't it. They will hold a regular size cupcake just fine and they are great for that. They close easily and stay secured which is good. I will use these for our bake sale, and continue to look for a container for BIG cupcakes and muffins
Nice summer sandal. These are really comfortable sandals. My only complaint is that they are a little hard to get on because you have to pull up a fairly tight fitting rope over the heal. Other than that, great shoe!
Great quality, great price. I 3d print a lot of stuff, so I go through these things like crazy. They're great quality and do the job quite nicely
Works very well, only complaint is. Just a word of warning, It DOESN'T come with a power supply, which is very strange, since it obviously wouldn't work without the power supply. But I guess it's in the product description, so I can't really complain about it too much, exception for those who didn't read the small text carefully would be disappointed that they have to wait a few more days for the power supply to arrive. Fortunately for me, I was able to find a power supply that fits the device so all is good for me
good color. Arrived in a timely fashion. Black is sharp and crisp and color is good
Cute but some imperfections. While the floaties were cute and functional, a couple of them arrived discolored making them less desirable for our group during our girls getaway
Four Stars. but never received the pump part of the bottle
Bulky. Very bulky but expected as it is a portable battery
use it for short periods of time at first. good product, just have to start off wearing it for short periods of time to get your muscles used to it
The wig is very expensive and it’s a ok wig. My likes are that the wig wasn’t thick It was very long like I like it And also the lace front make the wig look real a little. Dislikes are the center part wasn’t long enough and that it tangle very easily l had to keep untangling the wig
Great for the price. Works well and is easy to use! Suction could be a little more, but great for the price!
The fit is perfect for my watch 24mm. The fit is perfect for my watch 24mm. The pins should be a litter thicker. Please make pins thicker. With more colors
Some small stuff is incorrect but my teacher just had. Some small stuff is incorrect but my teacher just had me make notations in my book with the correct information
Seem to be working great!. I have included these with my keto diet and they seem to be helping me stay near ketosis. I will say they are a bit big...taking 8 as suggested seems a lot...but with a little water they are easier to take
Nice knife for a nice price. I ordered it for my girlfriend because she collects wolf stuff. She loved it
Interesting characters and story line. I enjoyed the characters and the story line was plausible. The society created by the author was interesting. However, I didn't care enough about the characters or the setting to be interested in a sequel, even though there was an obvious set up to be continued
gorgeous but too tall. These chairs are amazing - super comfy, lil spot to rest your toes underneath, and they are so pretty! Buuuut they're too tall. Thank goodness my roommate has a wood saw and can cut them down a few inches. Otherwise, I love them! Really easy to put together, too
As advertised. Works as advertised, no directions, make sure that screw is on the bottom, I was missing a screw, just happened to have another the same size to use to grip both ball sockets. Rode today for 25 miles, never moved, don’t think it’s going to either
Great for dissolving protein powder into morning coffee. Great for dissolving protein powder into morning coffee
Works fine but cable too short. Cable is just 1 cm short for my XFX R7 370. I have to cut the cable to solder the cable of my broken fan as an extension
Gift for Granddaughter. My 14 year old Granddaughter wanted this for Christmas, had her send me the link to make sure I ordered the correct one. She seemed very pleased with it
Question on adding liner??. Just received it and had read that someone lined theirs with felt. I’m not sure why and am wondering if anyone else used that method and why. Thank you
it does in fact look like a tomato. Well.. it does in fact look like a tomato, so it is easy to have laying around without alot of questions. believe it or not.. this works. This is easy to keep clean too! It works pretty simply. The lower part creates a suction and the suction bring the capillaries in your lips to the surface
SAFETY. COVERALL A GOOD PRODUCT, BUT FALL ON SAFETY. YOU ONLY HAVE ON/OFF SWITCH AND THE ACTIVATION BUTTON. IF YOU FORGOT TO TURN IT OFF ,ACTIVATION BOTTON CAN BE ENGAGED BY MISTAKE ..... AND IT WILL START A FIRE
Four Stars. good, handy product, good price
Four Stars. Nice smell. Too bad if you have your vent blowing, it uses up rather quickly. Wish it lasts longer
Super Comfy. Loved these for my son. He is starting to stand and grab onto everything and these are great for him. They keep his feet warm now that it's cold and help him keep his balanced. I bought them a little large so he could grow into them
Perfect fit. Love my new jeans... definatly found my new place ! They fit great!
Four Stars. Great shape, and as advertised. Arrived fast
Four Stars. guests were very impressed. cleans up easy
It's like middle Aerosmith. It is very much like the middle of Aerosmith's recordings. Much like Pump and Permanent Vacation. It's good, fun, and worth the listen
Buy it. I like the price and the dress
Reduced my wife’s snoring significantly. I’d give it 5. Reduced my wife’s snoring significantly. I’d give it 5 stars if she would knock it out during her sleep. When it’s in, it works!
Easy to use. Projection clocks are nice to have. Once you have one, you'll miss it when it's not around. Easy to use and has indoor and outdoor temp readouts
Loved all of them. One of the finer collection of short stories I have read in some time. Recommended read. Interestingly sequenced. Exceptionally written
Would buy again. Not as flexible as one I already had but works fine
Inexpensive and serviceable. It's an inexpensive and usable compass. Thru one in my glove compartment and the other in our "go bag" we keep in the truck
Suits my needs and a solid value. I cram a lot of cards in it with no problem, and use it primarily as a long wallet with the added bonus of holding the iPhone if I choose. I want fast access to my phone and don’t want to fumble around in a pocket and try to pull out the wallet, and risk dropping the wallet and/or the phone on the ground. Purses 👜 probably OK
Good quality. I really like the way it looks. I kinda wish the flowers went all the way around. I wore it as a necklace too
Cable works well however I wish the end connectors clicked. Cable works well however I wish the end connectors clicked tighter in my equipment. Usually with other cables I've used there is a more positive click or snap when the connection is made
I liked it. I would recommend it. I liked it. I would recommend it. Gentle smell and it feels good on the skin. I kinda got tired of the scent but hopefully when the bottle was about to run out (maybe that's just me). But besides that, it worked pretty well for me
God is God. The only living God. Let Him do His work. An inspiration to the life Yeshua lived is still going strong today in His disciples
Good book. All the Wolf Mountain Peak books are good and this is no exception. It was very nice for Helena to finally get her own book and chance at happiness. I voluntarily reviewed an arc
This free standing shelf fit perfectly in the corner of. This free standing shelf fit perfectly in the corner of my vanity counter. The color was just as described and held bathroom necessities to avoid clutter!
Really cute. So cute! Glad we purchased the adult size. It fits my 9 year old well. The ties are quite long to allow it to be flexible between a child and adult size
You are either winning or learning. Now learn how to win. Straight shooting, no bull, get it done and win
Good product. Easy to use. Blankets are too heavy to cover creations. We had to use flat sheets
Too small. Two small for my husband’s head
Doesn't have HDMI ports!! Great monitor though!. The picture shows that there are 2 HDMI and 1 VGA ports. There's only 1 VGA & 1 DVI port. It DOES say that in the description, but, as the old saying goes, a picture is worth a thousand words!!
cute tree skirt. Looks nice and cute with my Christmas tree. Good for kids play. I love the Santa design but there is glue left on the skirt. Except that this skirt is prefect for this price
A breeze to install & leak proof!. Overall a great product that’s easy to install and leak-free! I love the sleek design. The only thing I’m not a fan of is the uneven pressure when using it. It has very strong pressure when you first squeeze the lever, then after a second it flows normal. Not a huge deal, but I have installed 3 other kinds of toilet sprayers (same design) and have never encountered that problem
Good enough for an young child to play. Good enough if you are buying it for your children! I would recommend it for a child btw 5 and 12 yrs old. Easy to assemble, but I would secured with a cord to ensure it is no taken by a strong wind
Good. Product has potential to be a five star product. The only issue was the stitching along the main zipper started coming off immediately after the first use. Overall satisfied
Good sound, bad mic. Im going to be honest, for the prize its really good, the sound is even better than some expensive headphones, i bought the mic version, and the microphone works, but my friends have told me that it makes a lot of weird noises and that it is really low, good product, i recomend it for the quality of the sound, not the microphone
9 gets the job done as a stand but not if your wanting to make the large iPad look like a desktop. Works well just thought it would be bigger. I use it with the iPad Pro 12.9 gets the job done as a stand but not if your wanting to make the large iPad look like a desktop
Maybe if you just need some super small thing to carry around a quick compliment of. The inside of this case has room for maybe 5 writing instruments. I use a wide variety of stuff and there's no way this bag is big enough. Also the inside has a soft-touch material/flannel (?) that catches on my skin and it's so uncomfortable. Not the product for me. Maybe if you just need some super small thing to carry around a quick compliment of pens, this would work for you. But if you're carrying anything more than that, there's no way you're gonna shove enough pens in here to be worth it. I repurposed it as a medical supply pouch and it works pretty well. I mean, to it's credit, it's light, thin, the zipper works well, and the pockets are useful. But I had to use it as something other than it's inteded use, and buy another thing to remedy that, so I'm taking off a star for that
Fit the 2019 hybrid S model. This was our 2nd attempt to get a liner, after the first was supposed to work but did not. Installation required moving the heavy seats, which wasn't ideal and I'm fairly strong/fit. That bit of the installation could have been addressed with product design, which is why I'm giving it 4 stars. But it does fit, material matches trim fairly well, seems durable but time will tell
Works, easy, doesn’t take up much space in the beach bag. It works. Have not used it yet
Comfy & well made. Fits a size 2 petite very well. Nice color combo and soft, warm and well made
Great alternative to under-the-tongue thermometers. Attractive product and easy to use. I especially liked that it could be used on the forehead or in the ear. Accuracy is a bit off from reading to reading and when compared to results from an under-the-tongue thermometer but not significant enough for alarm
set up process was extremely easy. The step by step directions were easy to follow, the germination time was spot on and the holder makes it easier to move to sunnier spots in the house. I'm still waiting for the growing process to finish so that our cat can enjoy her new edibles
Made well & colorful. I do like it very much. One thing though, I wish the plug wasnt so awkward & stiff with a large piece right by the bottom of the bird. It is a nice piece though
Four Stars. It's a good product but it needs a bigger screen
Pretty. You could tell it had been opened, the sticker that was to keep the lid on was peeled back and the glass was in its box upside down. Other than that, it’s a very nice glass!
Good product. I didn't realize that the .3mm needles were so small. Too small to be effective for me but for a beginner this is a great way to start microneedling at home. The product itself is good quality and works as it should
fit is a bit off but it def looks good in replace of the old one I. The fit is a bit off but it def looks good in replace of the old one I replaced
. A little small, but is fine for babies
Great Price and Easy to Install. This is a very cost effective tool if you want to have two monitors (best thing ever!!!). I did notice that the image is not as sharp on the monitor utilizing this connection; but I use it for emails and spread sheets so its perfect for my needs. I have only been using it for approx a month but so far so good - if anything changes I will revise this review
They are super cute and just like the picture. They are super cute and just like the picture!! How ever there is no padding for your foot and the toe box is actually to tall. I am normally a 9.5 but ordered the 10 and they fit comfortably
Good buy. Very nice embellishment for my nose. Easy to change in an out and hide post
Decent for the price. Cheap LED bulb. Seems to work decent. What you would expect from lower end LED. Still looks better than stock incandescent bulbs though
Looks nice. I bent one of the posts trying to. Looks nice. I bent one of the posts trying to put the backing on. I was able to bend it back & can still wear them.I'd probably buy these again
Heavy duty but a bit small. These are quite heavy and should last. My one complaint is that they do not hold as much as expected. They replaced cheap ones that broke easily, but held about 2 oz more
Worth reading. Decent Alternate History. The detail of the civil war, and the incredibly difficult task that making the Whites win would, both of those are real strong points. It probably WOULD have taken divine intervention. The characters are good. Yet somehow I was a bit disappointed at the end
Four Stars. Quality of screen print could be better
Very Cute. Very cute. Fits perfectly
Works. Works but messy and greasy
Love that it is natural. I bought this for my husband who works construction and wears jeans. When he does this every day he get a heat like rash on his thighs that itch from sweat. I gave this to use and seems to be doing the trick of relieving his symptoms. Did not give 5 star as I am not the one using this
Easy for kids to play with and fun. Easy for kids to use. I have a 5 year old and 3 year old grandkids. They were both able to toss into the air and loved playing with them. Just make sure you don't have to have them right away. Took long time for shipping!
Bark Control Collar. Great product - The collar is easily adjustable. Very affordable. Extremely easy to use with only two buttons and two collars. Really like that they sent an extra battery with the collar I put it on my 13 month old German Shepherd that has decided to start with a high pitch squeal and some excessive barking for no apparent reason. It has worked like a charm. I only put it on her when she is showing the inappropriate behaviors and after the first day she has already improved dramatically. We are on day 3 and I only had to put it on her once. I have only had to use the vibration setting to achieve the desired results. I have an older GSD that likes to bark at everything that drives by when he is in a certain room of the house. I am going to get one for him. The only improvement feedback I would give is that the collar was turned on but I had just taken it off my dog when she barked in excitement. The collar went off in my hands and I was about 3 feet away. So not really sure how effective the anti-interference filter is
Perfect for samples. Arrived in perfect condition. Have not tried the droppers, they are so small it’s just as easy to leave them out. My daughter loves them empty to use for her American Girl Dolls
White interior. Good zip sweaters are hard to find. I like the fit and feel of this one but unfortunately the interior is the pilly white sweatshirt material (otherwise I could wear it to the office). Still good for weekends and evenings!
Great for kids. Its was good for my 5 year old
Nice. The are very nice jeans, not quite at waist or below waist just different, fit just a little snug but ok. I would buy again
Otherwise the blower/vacuum works great. The print in the instructions could be much larger! Otherwise the blower/vacuum works great
Insatiable!. Reliable and fast. Good quality plastic
Worth the money. This earphones is quite ok for the price not the best but it works fine, I have been using it for 2 months now. I didn't give 5 stars because my phone seem to be rejecting the earphones, whenever I put them in I have to turn it around and around plug it in and plug it out until the phone accepts it
Four Stars. It's really cute, it's just smaller than a Large should be
Four Stars. Great price. Loved most of the flavors
Check the software compatibility before you purchase!. If I can give you any helpful advice when it comes to this product this is it: Go onto the cricut website and pull up their list of compatible devices before you purchase this. Please note you cannot use this in conjunction with a chrome book and some other devices. There is an app software called design space that you must use with this machine. You cant just open the box and go. Mine is still sitting in the box because I dont have the kind of computer necessary to download the app. I only have a chromebook. I wish they would make it compatible with chromebooks
Definitely has helped!!. I have 2 severally autistic nonverbal sons. I bought this for my oldest I thought it would help him sleep he sometimes uses it but my younger son (ASD) he basically took it over and has helped him a lot!!! If buying for a kid guys just remember to check the weight you don’t want to get one that’s to heavy for them!
It does the job. I used it one time so far. It did the job, it was easy to use and not over sized for storage. The shoot gives options on where to put the snow. We are getting more snow tonight looking forward to using this again. We had our first major snowstorm and this starts up with no problem and moves the snow with no problem. I was just saying to myself I don't know why I've been living in the same place for more than 10 years and did not get a snow blower. We should be getting more snow within the next week we'll see if it stands the test of time it'll be 3 uses by then
Good luck. Came in perfect condition but was concerned with the disregard to packaging. Was definitely lucky
Healthy tea. Really great for price but it is lacking a bit of flavor once brewed
Runs big - order a size smaller. These are comfy and versatile boots that go with anything! These do run large - I wear a 12 and these were too big. They fit with an extra pair of socks. I recommend sizing down
Another good one by Feist!. Sometimes a books characters just seem to draw you in. This book does that. While the dialog is a bit more "modern", that is easily overlooked asit feels like the characters would talk that way
Runs Small. Love the pjs but sizing is way off. Order a couple sizes larger than your size
beautiful and plenty of mist. The changing colors are beautiful and the water reservoir large. My only complaint is, being a first-timer, I would have liked a suggestion as to how much essential oil should be used. Perhaps the more you put in the stronger the scent? That's what we're going for. A beautiful piece
Was sent a new working one for free, thanks!. I like that it comes with 3 mounts, but only two have been kind of useful. The glass mount on the package I got shows that the arm can be moved. But mine can't so I cannot use it. I currently use the dashboard mount and that is starting to mess up because it keeps tilting and I have to keep adjusting it which is dangerous when driving
Great Organizational Tool. Easy to assemble and lots of compartments for organizing. Very pleased
Not good step be step. Expected more step-by-step Direction was not good for young children
Cute cute cute. Cute necklace I purchased for my daughter on Valentine’s Day quality resembles price, my daughter loved it
Warm and cozy!. Super warm, a little short for me but I'm taller than most
Beautiful rings that large. A nice ring but again huge the jewelry is definitely oversized from this manufacturer or rather exuberant it is a beautiful ring but it is large he covers your hands
Gteat buy!. It pretty rugged but this the second one I have purchased because the clip didn't hold up! The case is very good value
Puppy loves it. My Crested loves these. He only eats the chicken off but a good treat for him
Good overall. The coating over the handles didnt last more than 3 months. Other than that they get the job done
Good for protecting luggages. Stretch wrap set arrived as expected Used the stretch wrap roll to wrap my luggage to protect them. Stretch wrap is useful for protecting the luggage from the baggage handlers. Handle is easy to use and roll around
Great short book. This book provides a lot of useful information and links. The links are useful for a business owner or prospective business owner
Quality compass that makes for a fantastic gift. Materials are as described. Quality compass that makes for a fantastic gift. Materials are as described, and it feels well made. I only gave it 4 stars, because the compass itself is not incredibly accurate. It's more of a showpiece than a functional object
Make your too big blouse into the right size blouse. I have one blouse that is a size too big, but these help and do the job to make it the right size. I do wear a kimono or a jacket over the blouse so you can't see the bands
Hose too narrow and flimsy. This certainly is a great idea, but the hose was too narrow to allow the large globs of lint balls that it was getting a hold of. It was also too flimsy. I took the advice of a few others and taped a wire coat hanger to it so I could guide it better
Easy to install. Nice looking light on rustic home. After several months there is still no vapor inside the glass, but the light fixture itself is corroding
Great read!. Great book and gets your attention from the start. I love all the twist throughout, making it hard to put down
Good continuance. I liked how Seth came into the picture here. The way Crystal connected in some way to his past was great. How Owen seemed to connect to both realities was an interesting twist. Although, it helped tie some portions of this book together. I hope this continues in the next book of the series
No squeaky is important. Good as original, don't know how durable yet
Christmas Garland. The garland was a little hard to unravel but other than that it looked great in our holiday display. Great buy!
big for my hands making the touch pad pieces pretty much useless to me. Only gave it four because it's a one size fits all type of scenario and they are too big for my hands making the touch pad pieces pretty much useless to me
Four Stars. Great piece of outdoor furniture! Takes a few hours to assemble but worth it for the price!
Smooth Taste & Dissolves Quickly. I've used a few different brands of collagen peptides, including Vital Proteins and Orgain. This product is very comparable. I use a scoop every morning in my coffee. It's smooth and dissolves quickly. It's a great product for the price
Would buy it again. What I love: it’s as big as advertised, it fits everything I need to teach 4 classes and keeps my laptop safe (it has a padded bottom and a separate pocket for laptops). What I didn’t like: the fabric is crinkly and the zippers are hard to open or close, no matter how careful you are (other reviews mention that they tend to break). My old High Sierra backpack had a small pocket on the strap to keep old phones or small objects at hand, this one doesn’t
Four Stars. The socks fit well and appear to be well constructed
Does what it says. Not that easy to program but it's sturdy
Simple to use. Very user friendly! No issues! Glad I purchased it!
Okay tea at okay price. I buy this tea for my father-in-law who is more of a coffee drinker and isn't fussy about tea. I personally find it fairly harsh and not a soothing beverage. Organic teas that cost more tend to have a better flavor and go down better, even black. Still for the price, it's not bad
Four Stars. The material is kinda cheap but its a very practical bag for the price
What a lovely scent!. I love this scent. I wish it lasted longer but it really is so very nice that I'll just need to reapply it
Laptop messenger bag. Nice feel and look to it. Would like it to be a bit more roomier, but overall a good product
Good fit. Fits great, not always easy to find goggles that fit my head but these do the trick
Beautiful. The product itself is beautiful! Beautifully made and absolutely soft. It just doesn’t compliment my body- that’s not the manufactures fault so gave it 4 stats for exactly as described just didn’t work for me!
Very cute and good material!. Very cute and good material!! Top was a bit small... I’m bigger on the top so it’s hard to move a lot without exposing myself but it’s super cute so I make it work!
The color is pink. I liked how tall it was so my 2 year old and her pillows dont fall off. Only thing we hate about it is that its pink and not grey or black to match my daughters room
Works as advertised. It is a seemingly well made and sturdy devise. I've only used it a few times but even as a one handed cook, and I use the term cook loosely, I prefer chopping onions without it. I do, however, really like using it on the harder veggies. It keeps carrots from popping away from the cutting board. I can see myself using it on other things in the future. As low as the price is and as little amount of space this thing takes up you really cannot go wrong with purchasing it
Amazing product. I just wish the clipboard could stick. Amazing product. I just wish the clipboard could stick onto the case itself so the whole thing could hang up. Other than that minor thing, it is flawless
Love It!. How can a pug puppy calendar not be 5 stars. What else is there to say. Love it!
Super!. Perfect for our grad party!
Excellent product. Amazing product. Looks amazing on my Mini. And great quality. Best purchase ever!
Worked great!. Made gummy legos with these molds. Very easy to use
Highlight recommended. I like it. Its really help with sweating during workout. Highlight recommended
Best mouthwash; really lasts 12+ hours. Best mouthwash; really lasts 12+ hours
Great bunion relief!. Great product and value! It helps with my bunion and gives relief. Fast shipping as well!
Nice gaming rig for the price. Nice looking case with a tempered glass cover to show the inside. Video card is absolutely gorgeous and I’m sure it will hammer games out at a high frame rate. My dislikes: I’d like to see a larger SSD for the price, and some higher end gaming memory. Overall, it’s a nice buy
Very Comfortable. Comfortable with no rough edges and just the right height
Although he healed well he did not act like he use to. When our dog was 9 years old he tore his meniscus on his back leg and needed surgery. About a year later he tore the other one. Although he healed well he did not act like he use to. We've been giving him the Extend powder for 1 month now and it is amazing. He jumps and runs again. He even plays with our 2 year old puppy. I would recommend to anyone to try it. I just ordered a two month supply. Very, happy!!
Thank you it was a great gift. Thank you it was a great gift
Good size for kids. Great for gifting I got it for my kids for Christmas I start shopping early and save the things
Perfect. Adorable, functional, and packaged well
Easy to install. Great looking set! Would recommend for handsome table and seats
Very Sturdy and Reliable. Was a bit skeptical at first but really such a good quality and great product. Would purchase again in he future!
Excellent power in a small size. Excellent power and smaller size. I'll never get another large one again
Great read!. Great book for someone who just lost a pet! It helps the mourning process!!
I love the quality & color!!. Surprisingly very good quality. My husky sheds a lot and she just recently got car sick in my car which was such a pain to clean. Hopefully it’ll be easier to clean if it even happens again. It delivered the next day too which was awesome. I’ll update this if something happens to it lol
Works with Garmin Decent Mk1. Inexpensive alternative to Garmin Decent wrist band. Removing the linkage is a bit confusing but it comes with everything you need to size
Lite weight and easy to use. So convenient and easy to use. Super fast setup and tear down, and it slowly retracts for added safety
This one works better than my last dehumidifier. To compare. I have a full safe in the garage, and the humidity where I live gets around 75% fairly consistently. My old unit (rhymes with back on) kept the levels around 50%. This little unit dropped it to 40%. Much better result
I highly recommend it!. The Beep Beep Man is well written and a quick read even though the subject matter is heavy and deep. You really get a sense of the panic Amie and her grand-parents are going through and, by the end, my heart was aching for them. This is a story that more and more American families are facing each day. I highly recommend it!
Clean. I bought this device to clean my glasses and my wife's jewelry, which is very convenient and can easily clean the gaps in things
Five Stars. Great Belt. Good look and feel
good quality. My kids have fun playing at the beach last week. And perfect sized for kids little hands to handle with
Great tripod, easy to deploy and lightweight. A great companion for my creative photography
fast delivery and good price. planning on using it for a trip to Hawaii. I have not used it yet. Service and price were great. Janet
Thank you. The headsets work properly and serve their purpose
Protect and moisturize your face. I love the way this product makes my face feel moisturized and protected from harmful sun rays used it many years
GREAT VACUUM. Love this cordless. If I were order again I would get replacement filters
It works !!. Used it for my hair. Worked very pretty well
Bathtime toy. Just what I was looking for bath time
Great album. Awesome album and songs. Love this guy and his wife on back up vocals. Lots of soul in the music
Love it. Sturdy still Holding up good after months of use
so far so good. Only used for one day so far, but met expectations. Very soft and light which is what I wanted. Will use for sailing and motorcycle riding this summer to protect from sun. Will hang dry as I expect pilling would happen in dryer given material composition
Works fine for me no issues. Good purchase. The product is accurate, very solid and stable. It was sent with good packaging, honestly glad I went with this one over some others I had seen. Easy to read, several different ways to read as well. If your looking for an inexpensive hydrometer that works it’s worth picking up
Well made. Exactly as described!
Great quality. Worked fantastic to use for my daughter's outside wedding. Produced terrific sound and range for about 200 people attending. No static. Was used for 2 speakers that were connected with an aux cable
Perfect. Thin, lightweight and easy to store. Just what I was looking for!
Exactly what I need. We have been looking for a step on garbage can for quite awhile. This one is tall, large and well built. I like that is has the slow, quiet close of the lid. The bag storage kind worthless because the rolls of garbage bags are too large to fit
Great silver polish. I needed a good silver cleaner for my jewelry. These wipes work great. Much better than others that I have viewed
A very pretty green. Love the extra fine tip. A very pretty green. Love the extra fine tip. Smooth writing. Nice pens
Great gift set!. My boyfriend loves this! It makes his beard so soft and manageable. The combs and brush are perfect! So worth the money!
Beautiful, bright colors!. This kimono is exactly as shown in the photos! I absolutely love the bright colors. I paired it with an outfit similar to the one shown in the photo. Perfect for summer evenings! Because it's just "one size fits all," it's a bit oversized, but still adorable!
Five Stars. This stuff is amazing!
Great quality product. This scooter was so easy to assemble. It took two minutes and my son scooted away after one demonstration. Very good quality. Smooth wheels, Great on hard wood floors
Great product!. Goes on very nicely and looks great!
Five Stars. Got this for my sister, she loves this brand!
AWESOME BOOK!. Interesting read, has a lil of everything humor, sadness, fun, etc
the chin strip is velcro and comes undo easy so i added a snap and now it never. my 3 year old loves this! the chin strip is velcro and comes undo easy so i added a snap and now it never falls off. Has elastic in the back which is great so it stretches over her hair in a bun
Fantastic Accessory for Vitamix Owners. Great for muddling drinks, foam for cold brew coffee, whipping cream, and the Panna Cotta recipe in the included book was fantastic. Self cleaning is also a huge time saver
Best,coolest sheets ever!. Loved the softness and cool rest I get at night. I love a cool bed to climb into even in the coldest nights. Beautiful color and fit perfect
Gave them as a gift; she loves them. I got these as a gift for my sister-in-law and she was super excited about them. She has called me since and said they were awesome
Worth every penny. My 2 year old loves this! He sleeps in a large. We love that he can't kick it off him at night and it's very comfortable for him. We used to use the Halo fleece sleepers but I came across these and made the switch. We live up north and have very cold winters, we keep our house at about 70° at night and he's does great in this sleeper. This keeps him warmer than the fleece and he LOVES getting into it at night! Super soft & cozy, only wish I found it sooner! Planning to get one for our 8 months old as well. Too bad they don't make adult sizes! ;) Worth every penny!
Manager is happy. My manager loves this, he can adjust the direction of the screen and avoid glare while still having his hands free to do other tasks
Small, Fast, USB-C. I use a Macbook Air with USB C connections so I love having a small, fast card reader that I can connect right my Air to download files from my SD card
Even nicer in person. Well made, beautiful material. I recommend
Five Stars. Nice quality and arrived very quickly!
The bottle design and size are perfect to keep handy on my vanity. The bottle design and size are perfect to keep handy on my vanity. I use it for everything dry from scalp to cuticles, heels and elbows
Nice product. Very happy with this item
Five Stars. Everything about this table is perfect!
Use everywhere. Scent free, helps to suck up bad smells in shoes and closets. I keep some at work in my shoes and in all of my closets at home
Good palm sander. It works. It comes with a coarse sand paper. I went Home Depot and bought a few finer ones. The sand paper for this sander is very easy to find
One of the best. Highly recommend for those who don't like being spoon fed CGI garbage. Found myself getting chills throughout when the characters started solving the problems. This was one of the first 'first encounter' movies I've thoroughly enjoyed, let alone writing a review for one
Love it. Stands out very for a little guy
Bright Colors and Good fit. My son likes his shirt. Fits perfectly. Will probably buy a few more in the future
Kids love it!. Lots of fun, seat is unique!
A great product. I have two of these blocks and love them. Although a few folks have complained about splitting, I have never experienced this problem. It is critical to maintain the blocks using Boos block mystery oil and wipe off liquids after use
Five Stars. Cute pics. Plenty of room for marking appts
Use it every day fabulous. Grand baby loved it plus it made great drinks
Nice pot holders. All went very well with this order. Arrived on time and were as pictured. Seem to be very nice. This was bought as a gift for Christmas so do not have any feedback at this time
Exactly what I need. Love the way they look on my truck
This collar does a pretty good job for my dogs. This collar does a pretty good job for my dogs. I've been buying them for a few years, and they beat any others I have tried, other than the super expensive products
Love love love. I love every thing about this product. It was easy to install, works great
My friend likes it. I bought this leg massager for my friend who needs to stand for a while everyday. After using it for a while, she told me that this leg massager makes her relaxed after using it every day. She is very happy with this leg massager and very thankful for my gift
Delicious. For a even better treat — put these in the refrigerator. Absolutely delicious
Awesome bed!. My dogs took a little bit to get used to it but love it now! Great for my hot Aussie to help him cool down
Very classy. The band looks great and I have received numerous compliments about how classy it looks. I had a little issue with removing the links but once I got the hang of it the tool that comes with it is great and it was easy! Very nice band!
Looks pretty. So far so good, it looks great and I have been use it for a couple weeks no complaint so far
I bought this for kids and i love it. It is perfect for this coming valentines. I bought this for kids and i love it . It is perfect for this coming valentines day. The cards are pretty it comes with instant tatoo. Love it definetely recommend this to anybody
One of kind Jewlery. Greatly recommend to buy! Love them 😍
Great buy. We had our first litter of puppies this year and I was so nervous about the messes in the kennel area so I purchased two of the EZ whelping pads. I bought two so I would never be without one while one was washing. This helped so much with the babies! They are amazing! They work so so well
Great product thanks. These are great, easy to unroll and straighten. Cast well and very sturdy
I have an Epson 1040 projector and tired of transporting. I have an Epson 1040 projector and tired of transporting it in the retail box , so I picked up this case. It took 15 minutes watching the ncaa tourney to remove the foam and fit the projector and accessories. The case is solid and the fit is snug , if anything just follow the picture on amazon. Piece of cake, no cons
nice price nice ruler. nice, good buy on this
nice and. lots of zippered pockets, nice and light
These are great!. This is the second time I've purchased this product. I throw them in the bottom of our diaper pail and they really work! I can tell immediately when they've hit their expiration. The first bag I bought lasted about a year, so I'm hoping our little one will be out of diapers by the time this bag is gone
Great travel robe. Like the lightweight fabric, it is convenient to pack for travel. The two pockets could put my phone and other necessities for getting out. It is a basic robe that everyone must have
Crocs Rock!. Who doesn't like crocs?!
We need to buy more of these. Strong magnet. Exactly what we were looking for
Fits well works as advertised. I am 6'1 175 with 41" chest 31" waist and the large fits me well. Its fitted but not too tight which is what you want in an undershirt
We use it (with a luggage lock) to store prescription. We use it (with a luggage lock) to store prescription medications in the kitchen cabinet and keep the little ones out. Works well
Perfect customer service. The customer service alone was 5-stars! I had trouble getting a good fit so I emailed them for suggestions. They gave me good advice and then offered to send me some more so I could try again. With the new set, they sent additional helpful suggestions! Awesome company and great product
Great. Came on time and fresh
Good seller. The first screen replacement I received the touchscreen did not work. But I was sent a replacement for that one immediately after I contacted them. And I am sending back the defective one. this seller does what they say and they stand behind their product I appreciate it very much
Five Stars. good product fast ship
Filament LED technology is awesome!. Exceeded expectations! These night light bulbs are the exact same color and brightness as 40w real incandescent candelabra bulbs turned all the way down on a dimmer right next to them. No flickering. Highly impressed!!
Great read. Loved this series can't wait to start the new series!!! So glad Lola decided to keep the adventures going. She's a great author and I always enjoy reading her books
The kids loved all the tricks but the one that got the. I purchased these for my sons birthday and they were a big hit. The kids loved all the tricks but the one that got the least interest was the calculator trick which was stickers with numbers. It may have been a good trick but the kids passed it by and they were the last ones to go
Five Stars. Worked great. Exactly what I needed. Fast shipping. Thank you
Love the color!. Lightweight and beautiful color!
Beautiful. Just like the picture!
Very bright. Very bright light bulb, material seems very solid. Price is a lot cheaper than branded ones
Great knife. Best field dressing knife for large game. Extremely sharp
Yum. Taste great, much better than most vitamins! And it is less expensive than the average. Double yay!
Five Stars. The price for the amount of probiotics in this supplement was most impressive for me
Great product. Great product, very durable
Five Stars. As advertised and delivered on time. What more is there to shopping!
In love. Lifetime warranty and stainless steel is a win win. It's a little tricky putting the band on but it looks super elegant on. The small is long so you have extra slack if your in between small and large. Highly Recommend buying I got it in two of course with prime
Perfect product. With animals and a geriatric husband that soils the rugs this product has saved me so much money and time excellent product
I have 2012 dodge grand caravan the rubber part on. I have 2012 dodge grand caravan the rubber part on my fob was torn i ordered the shell took the rubber part out put it in mine it worked perfectly!
Fits 5 pillows and room for more!. LOVE the size. Carry 5 pillows inn it and there's still room!
Good and cool looking product!. I ordered 8 for my Groomsmen gift. So far so good for the ones who are using them. Gotta be careful, as the ship inside could snap loose if jared too hard. Only problems so far are the toppers. When you press them in, they want to pop back out from pressure
Good basic sandals. I got this pair of sandals since I need something light and casual to walk with. I got my usual size but it was a little large on my feet. Gave it to my sister who loved it. She ended up walking in it and told me it's very comfortable for walking. Seems like a super good deal for the price
A nice gift. Bought this scarf and hat,it's a gift for my husband,it's important to have a warm hat in the cold winter.Hat is a nice gift,he likes it very much,it's softness,fits just right not so loose that the breeze creeps in
Works great. Works great and priced great for the item
Long lasting. Is long lasting in my laptop computer. Just as good as a name brand battery
Keeps pants clean. Used these for yard work in a muddy yard and kept my pants clean. Wish they were a little thicker to keep the legs warmer but did keep them dry
Wonderful. I have read all three of the Kingsman Chronicles and enjoyed them very much. There's a LOT of material and thought in these books. They are well written, and the worldbuilding is amazing. If you are a fan of "Thrones", you should enjoy this series. It is definately adult material with plenty of action, sex and warfare plus thought -provoking writing
Simplistic yet stylish!!. I got the Black on Black one and I love it! I can wear it going out or to work everyday! No gadgets just the time and date, it’s also comfortable and will get even more when the leather breaks in so far no issues!
Good for stuffed animals and plushies!. Strong and sturdy basket that can be used for laundry or storing toys. I purchased the largest size to use for toys such as stuffed animals and plushies. It was cuter than a plastic bin. Holds up well even if not filled. Doesn’t collapse. Material is thick and durable. Handles allow for easy carrying. Adds a nice touch to our playroom!
Another great read. Congratulations to Victoria Christopher Murray for another great read. This book had so many good lessons on faith, love and forgiveness as God has planned for our lives. Keep up the good writing as our Lord and Savior leads you
Excellent Quality!!. This is a GREAT belt! I love everything about it and am really enjoying wearing it everyday. Really excellent quality. A+++
Awesome. Paid 50$ for a used roomba and these have worked perfect fit right in
Five Stars. This book changed my life!!
Pup favorite. My dogs love these treats!
Works like a champ. This thing works great. I've never filled capsules before. The sheer cost savings and safety of DIY capsule filling pushed me to buy this product. I buy my supplements in bulk. Buying bottled supplements is a rip off and you can't be 100% sure that they aren't using fillers or practicing safe handling. There could be anything in there. I shook the bottom caps in, only 3 were upside down. Pressed on the spring loaded tray to get them to raise up, the grabbed them with the tweezers to flip. Easy. Took 10 min to fill 100 caps and snap the tops on. Done and done. I'm filling with coral calcium, MSM and another batch was tumeric extract. Works like a champ. Directions were good. I'm retired military so the clear and direct instructions were great. For efficiency, buy caps that are pre seperated. I didn't, but sat and watched TV the night before and seperated them out. I only saved a few bucks buying the non seperated caps. So maybe spend a few bucks more and save yourself some time. If your looking for a fast capsule filler, this is it. Just buy it. Its worth every penny. Hats off to this company for a great product
It is what everybody said it is. I'd like to give a shout out to the people here on this site because they really help me decide on this everything they tell me about it was true and honest it does light up it is very bright and I'm glad I bought it thank you that's all I can say. It does light up very bright so yes this will light up in your car
Extremely comfortable!. Love this shirt! Wish it came in other colors, I would get more colors. I liked it so much that I bought 2 more to gift out. It’s so soft and comfortable, I love wearing it. Thank you for a great product! And I love the fact that it’s made from coffee!
Beautiful product. I used to make up a couple of times every week, so the eyelashes is a must-have , this eyelash has a very good quality and easy to use, I like it
Great headphones. Great for working out with and sound is awesome!
Great quality. The material is wonderful and they washed up great. No need to iron them
Large Venue Solution. Works great for large venues. Agent like ear pieces for privacy
Wow. Extreme........ Explicit........holy cow!!!!!! And that is all I have to say about that. This was a very good story but extremely perverse
No more headaches while using my phone in the office. I love this phone holder. I needed something to hold my phone up at eye level while working on PC. It’s exactly what I needed. And astounding quality for such a low price
Easy to apply, lasts all day. really easy to use, doesn't take much at all to hold my mustache in place. one of the best things so far is the hold lasts all day, after a morning shower routine I use this and it is still holding by the time I go to bed each night without having to apply more. I went with the no scent extra firm hold version and the only type of scent I can remotely smell is a really light beeswax smell. I highly recommend this brand and will definitely be purchasing more
A Must Have!. Nice and sturdy! Makes your Night Stand look Elegant. Takes care of all your Apple products! Will defiantly have this in mind for giving this as a gift to friends and relatives!
Five Stars. Good size and material
Perfect for keto baking. I made keto cheesecake and cookies with it, and no one at the party could tell they were keto
So for I love it and will probably switch to the 32GB for. So for I love it and will probably switch to the 32GB for photos in two of my cameras and get a couple of 64GB for the camera I do videos with. Thanks
Good stuff. I bought it on amazon because the store is always sold out Amazon had it to me fast
Excellent curtains!. These simple curtains were exactly what we needed for the master bedroom. The rings move smoothly along the curtain rod. They are about 95% as dark as I would have expected. In other words, not perfect, but certainly an "A" grade
Brilliant product!. Have used this hose for 4 weeks now and can't complain at all. So much better than I expected! The hose expanded as it should do, it was light in weight and easy to manage around the garden, it didn't twist or kink, it retracted back when the water was turned off
It's an Ethernet cable. It's blue and it is. It's an Ethernet cable. It's blue and it is 100 ft. long. It works. I have not noticed any Ethernet packets leaking out of the cable. What else is there to say?
Wow. I believe I got this as a Kindle First read over a year ago. I wasn’t ready to read it then, but am struck by it now. As someone who also has a complicated identity, this was exactly perfect and what I needed
Five Stars. Gift for my father and they look great on his wheels and he loves them!
Small bright compact flashlight. Needed a small bright flashlight. This flashlight fits the bill it's easy to hold easy to use and very nice bright
This worked out great for a RV mattress that was too firm for. This worked out great for a RV mattress that was too firm for us. Slept just a good or better than our home mattress after we added this topper
Really good. Really good replica! Doesn’t tarnish
1st day using. Very clever! Held food for all day!. Very clever! Well made. Held a salad and tuna, a salad with a piece of chicken, a banana, yogurt, apple sauce, a small container of blueberries, and two drinks. Also used two ice packs in addition to the ones that were included. Great product. Took one star off for versatility because there is no handle. I could live with that, but a handle would have made it perfect. By the way, I appreciated the follow up by Monica to see if everything was ok with the delivery. I would recommend - good value
This is the last book in the series and it's great. I liked both of the stories but I particularly like the last one and I was able to guess who did it . I highly recommend this book it was extremely interesting and I read at a fast pace!
Works well. Holds my asus zen tablet with a case ok. Can buy 2 of these for one iottie tablet mount. (My favorite mount)
Five Stars. Beautiful dress. My 6 year old loves it and got some room to grow. Perfect dress up dress
Perfect for what i need it for. This is perfect for first time user. It completely got me on board with home automation. Thanks
Simple to set up and use. Matched GPS on carts at my home course. Instructions simple for set. Device is almost intuitive to use. Readings are fast. Simple mode for flag stick locks on quickly. I compared with 2 other devices (Bushnell and Leupold). Always within 1 yard of those devices
Nicely packaged. Quality cord, as described. Nicely packaged
Great for dry skin!. Loved this nature’s baby organics baby oil! I bought this for my teenage son who has really dry skin. Multiple showers a day due to playing sports has left his skin so dry and flaky. The oil worked perfect for extra moisture after he showers. He applied it lightly all over and it wasn't too oily or greasy and had a great smell. He says he can notice such a difference in the softness and smoothness of his skin and he has no more flaking. We will definitely continue to use this product!
Yeast attacks used to be a regular thing. Not. Yeast attacks used to be a regular thing. Not so after continued use of Candida Support. Its been months since an attack
Good quality. Quality range bag. It have almost more room than I need
Great Service-Quick Turnaround. Love my Birkenstocks. I had to order some new ones because my dog chewed my last pair. I love this style and I got a great price for leather shoes this time
Good. Nice for a young collector
Beautiful to see at night. Beautiful to see at night
I love this Hair. I love this Hair!!! It’s really soft, true to its length, no smell... received it really quick as I’m a prime member. Can’t wait to have it installed and love my free eye lashes!!!
5 stars but small issue. Very easy to fly , if your kinda new at it make sure you wait til the remote links to the sats. That makes it very easy to control. Takes a few minutes sometimes. So far it’s worked very well. Although I taped my GoPro to it and when I turned on the GoPro WiFi, the drone got way out of control and crashed. Without the GoPro WiFi it ran fine and got good footage. Only problem I’m really having is the camera says it’s recording but the SD card never has any footage on it..... that’s why I velcroed the GoPro on it. Can’t seem to find any help online at this point
It works much better than I expected and so easy to clean and. Holes are small enough to strain cooked rice. Fits well over my pots and I use it to strain almost everything. It works much better than I expected and so easy to clean and store
Soothing for eczema. Seemed to soothe my toddler’s arms and legs. He asks to put them on. Very lightweight and soft
Five Stars. The product came as ordered
Nice shelf for jewelry. Purchased to hang jewlery- nice quality and looks great in closet
Five Stars. It arrives with a small blow but it's fine
I'm an XL and these leggings fit like a dream. These fit perfectly. I'm an XL and these leggings fit like a dream. I love how lightweight they are and buttery soft. Definitely buying more colors
Perfect solution. My couch base is too low for tables with wheels, so this was a perfect solution. Now I can lie on my couch and work from home
Good for kids and adults. My wife is very happy with them. Already has some colored
good quality. not plastic, like the cheap stuff at the store. Gift for my nephew. very life like
Wahoo!. What a good book! Kept me glued to my kindle!!!
New Foods carries the best lecithin product. I have been taking lecithin for many years, because I believe it can help to maintain the brain and skin health. I have been purchasing lecithin from different health-food companies in the past many years. I have concluded that the best product of lecithin is from “Now Foods.” Here I sincerely recommend the New Foods Lecithin Granules to all health-food users
Started on the first pull. I have had problems with this lawn mower for years. Have taken the Carburetor off several times and cleaned it. This was a 15 minute change and started on the first pull
Great well made product. Nano towel it really does what it says . Great well made product , makes my cleaning task very easy and fast . Thank you and keep up with the great quality product I will order more soon
I am excited about the product. I received product 2 days ago. I heard about the product online I hope this will help me To be healthy and fit
Just turn it on and it's live. I was just amazed on how well and easy this camera setup is. Just turn it on and it's live. The only drawback is how short the power cord is, but it's easy fix with an ugly extension cord. The temp sensor is also nice, but it's a bit off from a dedicated temp sensor, but as long as you know it's off by a few degrees. I am waiting for the add-on camera to be available for another room.Couldn't have ask for more at this price
Fun!!!. A fun game to play to pass the time!!
Beautiful bracelet. I don’t typically buy jewelry online. But I liked the photos. It arrived in reasonable time. I really enjoy this bracelet. I wear it with many different styles of outfits
Time saver. I bought a longer wand which was pricy but this thing really saves me a lot of time. My neck and back appreciate the relief as well. It may not be 100% effective but not bad if you take your time
Timely shipping. Again, son in law beginning nursing school in January..product exactly as ordered
GREAT BOARD!. This is my first paddle board and I loooove it! My partner and I take it out together and it's really stable. I have an electric pump that inflates it in less than 3 minutes. It compacts to the perfect size and I can store it almost anywhere. 100% recommend this board
GREAT MOVIE!. Found by accident and so glad we did, was so much more enjoyable then we even thought it would be. Fast delivery!
It work like I. It did the job. It work like I needed
perfect straws!. Very easy to clean and works great. Each comes with a cleaning supply, a container and a straw. They are bendable, reusable and eco friendly. Really like this idea of always having a straw with you. No more one-use straws for me. Great carrying case and straw brush is amazing!
Pretty Tough, Yet Very Light. Very durable, very safe
This is VITAL and is not just alcohol. To anyone saying this is just alcohol, it's definitely not!! When you open it, it smells like nail polish, so there is definitely more than alcohol in this product. It's definitely worth it. I had a ton of lifting with Mia Secret until I got this. This is absolutely vital if you want your nails to last!
Sprays Great. I love these nozzles... they were inexpensive and worked very well with my Round Up lump sprayer
No words to describe. This book made the horrors of this war come alive so is a troubling read but it also helped the reader understand battlefield strategy tainted by politically motivated decision makers
Happy pug. Worked great for hiking with my pug when she needed a break! Easy to put on and take off
We use it for cloth diapering. Very powerful spray, very easy to use. Easy to set up, good instructions
Easy to put together. Helping me see when I sew and work. I like the 2 brightness settings, the fact that it converts from a floor lamp to a desk lamp
works great. I got this product as pills and a bottle, I was kinda skeptical as how it will work. But the pills resolve immediately in water. We went to wash my in laws track that smells like cigarettes because of how much it smells, and we used this product and it really did removed all that terrible smell. So far its been a week since we washed it and it is still smells good. Love this product
Great shoe for the price. They seem a little large, but they are a great looking shoe for the price. Sturdy well made shoe
It grinds up herbs to a very fine, useable size and is very colorful. This grinder is incredible! It grinds up herbs to a very fine, useable size and is very colorful! Would recommend :)
Perfect To Hide Power Strip. Deep enough to hide a power strip and a jumble of cords, but low enough not to be terribly noticeable
Works Great!. Works Perfect and came just in the knick of time
Fantastic. This looks so freaking amazing. Ordered more than 1 color. I got so many compliments in these. Much better than expected
